{"variables":{"8634":{"id":8634,"name":"Rice, paddy (FAO (2017))","unit":"tonnes per hectare","description":"","created_at":"2017-08-02T22:37:02.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:34.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-10-17T18:49:59.000Z","code":null,"coverage":"global by country","timespan":"1961-2014","fk_dst_id":660,"fk_var_type_id":3,"sourceId":2810,"uploaded_by":"Hannah.Ritchie","display":{},"shortUnit":"tonnes","datasetName":"Crop yields by country - FAO (2017)","s_id":2810,"s_name":"Crop yields by country - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2810,"name":"Crop yields by country - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO)","dataPublisherSource":"","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/#data","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"The FAO calculate average yield data by dividing total crop production (in kilograms or tonnes) by the total area harvested (in hectares).\n\nThe FAO report yields in hectagrams per hectare (100g per hectare). Here, we have recalculated these values as tonnes per hectare by dividing by 10,000.\n\nData from 1961-1991 for Post-Soviet states are assumed to be in line with reported data for the USSR over this period."}},"23719":{"id":23719,"name":"Crops: Barley - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:41.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:41.000Z","code":"44 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Barley","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23748":{"id":23748,"name":"Crops: Maize - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","code":"56 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Maize","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23755":{"id":23755,"name":"Crops: Millet - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","code":"79 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Millet","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23780":{"id":23780,"name":"Crops: Potatoes - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","code":"116 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Potatoes","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23817":{"id":23817,"name":"Crops: Wheat - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","code":"15 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Wheat","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23867":{"id":23867,"name":"Crops: Beans, dry - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:42.000Z","code":"176 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Beans, dry","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23953":{"id":23953,"name":"Crops: Soybeans - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","code":"236 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Soybeans","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"23982":{"id":23982,"name":"Crops: Bananas - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","code":"486 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Bananas","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"24008":{"id":24008,"name":"Crops: Peas, dry - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:43.000Z","code":"187 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Peas, dry","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"24021":{"id":24021,"name":"Crops: Cassava - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:44.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:44.000Z","code":"125 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Cassava","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}},"24024":{"id":24024,"name":"Crops: Cocoa, beans - Yield (FAO (2017))","unit":"hg/ha","description":"Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Crop statistics are recorded for 173 products, covering the following categories: Crops Primary, Fibre Crops Primary, Cereals, Coarse Grain, Citrus Fruit, Fruit, Jute &amp; Jute-like Fibres, Oilcakes Equivalent, Oil crops Primary, Pulses, Roots and Tubers, Treenuts and Vegetables and Melons. Data are expressed in terms of area harvested, production quantity, yield and seed quantity. The objective is to comprehensively cover production of all primary crops for all countries and regions in the world. Cereals: Area and production data on cereals relate to crops harvested for dry grain only. Cereal crops harvested for hay or harvested green for food, feed or silage or used for grazing are therefore excluded. Area data relate to harvested area. Some countries report sown or cultivated area only; however, in these countries the sown or cultivated area does not differ significantly in normal years from the area actually harvested, either because practically the whole area sown is harvested or because the area surveys are conducted around the harvest period. Vegetables, total (including melons): Data relate to vegetable crops grown mainly for human consumption. Crops such as cabbages, pumpkins and carrots, when explicitly cultivated for animal feed, are therefore excluded. Statistics on vegetables are not available in many countries, and the coverage of the reported data differs from country to country. In general, it appears that the estimates refer to crops grown in field and market gardens mainly for sale, thus excluding crops cultivated in kitchen gardens or small family gardens mainly for household consumption. Fruit, total (excluding melons): Data refer to total production of fresh fruit, whether finally used for direct consumption for food or feed, or processed into different products: dry fruit, juice, jam, alcohol, etc. Generally, production data relate to plantation crops or orchard crops grown mainly for sale. Data on production from scattered trees used mainly for home consumption are not usually collected. Production from wild plants, particularly berries, which is of some importance in certain countries, is generally disregarded by national statistical services. Therefore, the data for the various fruits and berries are rather incomplete. Bananas and plantains: Figures on bananas refer, as far as possible, to all edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Musa except Musa paradisiaca, commonly known as plantain. Unfortunately, several countries make no distinction in their statistics between bananas and plantains and publish only overall estimates. When this occurs and there is some indication or assumption that the data reported refer mainly to bananas, the data are included. The production data on bananas and plantains reported by the various countries are also difficult to compare because a number of countries report in terms of bunches, which generally means that the stalk is included in the weight. Dates, plantains and total grapes are included in the “total fruit” aggregated figures, while olives are excluded. Treenuts:Production of nuts (including chestnuts) relates to nuts in the shell or in the husk. Statistics are very scanty and generally refer only to crops for sale. In addition to the kind of nuts shown separately, production data include all other treenuts mainly used as dessert or table nuts, such as pecan nuts, pili nuts, sapucaia nuts and macadamia nuts. Nuts mainly used for flavouring beverages are excluded as are masticatory and stimulant nuts and nuts used mainly for the extraction of oil or butter, including areca/betel nuts, cola nuts, illipe nuts, karite nuts, coconuts, tung nuts, oilpalm nuts etc.","created_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:44.000Z","updated_at":"2018-02-28T13:58:35.000Z","uploaded_at":"2017-08-28T22:21:44.000Z","code":"661 - 5419","coverage":"","timespan":"","fk_dst_id":795,"fk_var_type_id":4,"sourceId":2955,"uploaded_by":null,"display":{"name":"Cocoa, beans","unit":"t/ha","tolerance":5,"conversionFactor":0.0001},"shortUnit":"tons","datasetName":"Production: Crops - FAO (2017)","s_id":2955,"s_name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","source":{"id":2955,"name":"Crops - FAO (2017)","dataPublishedBy":"Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) (2017)","dataPublisherSource":"The main data source is official statistics from FAO member countries, collected either through annual production questionnaires (APQ) distributed to countries, from national publications (Yearbooks and Pocketbooks) or from official country websites. The source data can originate from surveys, administrative data and estimates based on expert observations. Which type of source is used by countries can significantly affect reliability and comparability of data. In nearly all cases where countries provide their official production data, data are recorded as reported by countries. The only exceptions are the application of conversion factors (e.g., if a country reports rice production on a husked rice basis, that production must be converted to a paddy basis), or cases of reporting errors (typically digit errors). In instances where no official data is available, data from semi-official sources (including commodity-specific trade publications) may be used. If no data from either official or unofficial sources is available, data are imputed. In all cases, data are flagged accordingly.","link":"http://www.fao.org/faostat/en/?#data/\r\n\r\n","retrievedData":"","additionalInfo":"\r\n\t: \r\nAreas refer to the area under cultivation. Area under cultivation means the area that corresponds to the total sown area, but after the harvest it excludes ruined areas (e.g. due to natural disasters). If the same land parcel is used twice in the same year, the area of this parcel can be counted twice. For tree crops, some countries provide data in terms of number of trees instead of in area. This number is then converted to an area estimate using typical planting density conversions.\r\n\r\nProduction means the harvested production. Harvested production means production including on-holding losses and wastage, quantities consumed directly on the farm and marketed quantities, indicated in units of basic product weight. Harvest year means the calendar year in which the harvest begins.\r\n\r\nYield means the harvested production per ha for the area under cultivation.\r\n\r\nSeed quantity comprises all amounts of the commodity in question used during the reference period for reproductive purposes, such as seed or seedlings. Whenever official data are not available, seed figures can be estimated either as a percentage of production or by multiplying a seed rate (the average amount of seed needed per hectare planted) with the planted area of the particular crop of the subsequent year. Usually, the average seed rate in any given country does not vary greatly from year to year.\r\n\r\n"}}}}
8634;1961,77,2.5;1961,198,3.2663;1961,64,1.1463;1961,75,1.6585;1961,225,1.9949;1961,73,2.2379;1961,74,1.269;1961,69,1.9449;1961,70,3.9542;1961,67,1.9449;1961,68,1.2167;1961,270,1.9449;1961,13,3.8227;1961,62,1.9449;1961,63,3.5408;1961,84,1.8966;1961,238,1.3799;1961,466,0.9342;1961,355,1.8693;1961,476,4.0512;1961,80,1;1961,271,3.4875;1961,15,1.519;1961,16,1.5514;1961,17,4.5512;1961,19,1.16;1961,21,3.2391;1961,22,1.9449;1961,23,5.9;1961,25,1.9449;1961,28,1.7005;1961,30,1.9449;1961,31,0.726;1961,32,0.3558;1961,33,2;1961,34,1.4443;1961,37,1.6989;1961,38,1.7306;1961,39,3.5137;1961,40,0.5604;1961,41,3.7641;1961,42,1.0921;1961,43,0.4808;1961,174,0.8571;1961,436,1.582;1961,477,1.6845;1961,172,2.7207;1961,173,1.0455;1961,169,1.125;1961,170,1.9975;1961,171,2.0787;1961,166,1.2531;1961,168,0.7;1961,143,0.7573;1961,164,1.3794;1961,167,0.8045;1961,160,1.9458;1961,462,1.7221;1961,201,2.1448;1961,467,2.4719;1961,473,2.0815;1961,65,5.0531;1961,259,2.0119;1961,156,1.9449;1961,202,1.7575;1961,276,4.12;1961,3,4.0512;1961,253,1.878;1961,151,1.2136;1961,152,1.9449;1961,153,2.2429;1961,149,3.6727;1961,150,1.1047;1961,94,0.8197;1961,147,1.7013;1961,148,1.3987;1961,139,1.3135;1961,145,1.7188;1961,146,2.0266;1961,138,1.7323;1961,144,2.0168;1961,135,2.1429;1961,136,1.7623;1961,137,1.5419;1961,134,2.7381;1961,8,5.6773;1961,14,4.8794;1961,132,1.5066;1961,129,2.2703;1961,131,1.9449;1961,126,1.9449;1961,122,1.9449;1961,125,0.871;1961,121,0.575;1961,119,1.9449;1961,116,2.1086;1961,117,0.7179;1961,118,1.8221;1961,115,1.0165;1961,114,1.6667;1961,111,1.9449;1961,113,2.2751;1961,109,1.4167;1961,110,3;1961,142,1.6066;1961,107,1.9375;1961,105,1.6312;1961,103,0.8926;1961,104,1.0431;1961,128,4.3071;1961,450,3.8227;1961,464,4.9835;1961,277,4.2529;1961,101,1.3915;1961,98,2.2;1961,99,3.5556;1961,100,1.0847;1961,96,1.2299;1961,97,4.0929;1961,93,6.4444;1961,95,4.6781;1961,12,1.9449;1961,92,2.9245;1961,90,2.8;1961,89,1.1462;1961,87,0.9329;1961,195,1.7391;1961,81,1.5875;1961,295,1.8246;1961,127,4.148;1961,465,1.8974;1961,9,6.357;1961,470,1.5833;1961,475,5.4224;1961,79,1.4095;1961,141,1.8626;1961,234,2.7922;1961,78,2.1533;1961,76,1.9449;1962,15,1.519;1962,16,1.6675;1962,17,4;1962,19,1.2105;1962,21,3.4357;1962,22,2.1261;1962,23,6.8443;1962,25,2.1261;1962,28,1.5302;1962,30,2.1261;1962,31,0.6602;1962,32,0.4737;1962,33,2;1962,34,1.4428;1962,37,1.6589;1962,38,1.8527;1962,39,3.3049;1962,40,0.6765;1962,41,2.5;1962,42,0.892;1962,43,0.9339;1962,174,0.825;1962,436,1.5956;1962,477,1.6352;1962,172,2.8342;1962,173,1.0064;1962,169,1.125;1962,170,1.9661;1962,171,2.37;1962,166,1.2568;1962,168,0.6961;1962,143,0.8808;1962,164,1.4062;1962,167,0.7968;1962,160,1.919;1962,462,1.734;1962,201,1.8702;1962,467,2.7182;1962,473,2.2263;1962,65,5.8395;1962,259,2.3598;1962,156,2.1261;1962,202,1.7616;1962,276,4.1653;1962,3,4.1875;1962,253,2;1962,151,1.2149;1962,152,2.1261;1962,153,1.1521;1962,149,3.6881;1962,150,1.1071;1962,94,0.7692;1962,147,1.7016;1962,148,1.5896;1962,139,1.2803;1962,145,1.8182;1962,146,2.2289;1962,138,1.8916;1962,144,1.7201;1962,135,2.8367;1962,136,1.7855;1962,137,1.3959;1962,134,2.8275;1962,8,5.5963;1962,14,5.1372;1962,132,1.531;1962,129,2.6207;1962,131,2.1261;1962,126,2.1261;1962,122,2.1261;1962,125,0.8644;1962,121,0.5714;1962,119,2.1261;1962,116,2.0678;1962,117,0.7668;1962,118,1.811;1962,115,0.95;1962,114,1.6667;1962,111,2.1261;1962,113,2.1581;1962,109,1.4167;1962,110,3.4;1962,142,1.6469;1962,107,1.9342;1962,105,1.6304;1962,103,1.1789;1962,104,1.2283;1962,128,4.3116;1962,450,4.1785;1962,464,5.7889;1962,277,4.8476;1962,101,1.3856;1962,98,2.4;1962,99,3.2;1962,100,1.1014;1962,96,1.2548;1962,97,4.3106;1962,93,6.4444;1962,95,4.7346;1962,12,2.1261;1962,92,3.0923;1962,90,2.65;1962,89,1.1667;1962,87,1.2347;1962,195,1.8333;1962,81,1.4513;1962,295,1.8007;1962,127,3.5768;1962,465,2.0348;1962,9,6.2246;1962,470,1.4484;1962,475,5.3978;1962,79,1.7738;1962,141,1.9539;1962,234,2.9242;1962,78,2.3989;1962,76,2.1261;1962,77,2.61;1962,198,3.3723;1962,64,1.253;1962,75,1.7202;1962,225,1.7;1962,73,2.2363;1962,74,0.7126;1962,69,2.1261;1962,70,3.3951;1962,67,2.1261;1962,68,1.2512;1962,270,2.1261;1962,13,4.1785;1962,62,2.1261;1962,63,3.4126;1962,84,1.9937;1962,238,1.4947;1962,466,1.0229;1962,355,1.8958;1962,476,4.1875;1962,80,1;1962,271,4.1577;1963,77,2.4473;1963,198,3.3583;1963,64,1.5913;1963,75,1.8725;1963,225,1.5385;1963,73,2.2366;1963,74,1.1498;1963,69,2.381;1963,70,3.94;1963,67,2.381;1963,68,1.1991;1963,270,2.381;1963,13,4.4449;1963,62,2.381;1963,63,3.6687;1963,84,2.14;1963,238,1.7791;1963,466,1.0793;1963,355,2.0567;1963,476,3.9753;1963,80,1.27;1963,271,3.8322;1963,15,1.519;1963,16,2.3599;1963,17,4.4041;1963,19,1.25;1963,21,3.4073;1963,22,2.381;1963,23,6.2981;1963,25,2.381;1963,28,1.769;1963,30,2.381;1963,31,0.9669;1963,32,0.4154;1963,33,2;1963,34,1.4778;1963,37,1.5423;1963,38,1.3711;1963,39,3.613;1963,40,0.7622;1963,41,2.7917;1963,42,1.1742;1963,43,0.785;1963,174,0.86;1963,436,1.8196;1963,477,1.6759;1963,172,2.5695;1963,173,1.283;1963,169,1.0989;1963,170,2.1654;1963,171,2.6833;1963,166,1.345;1963,168,0.8043;1963,143,0.8939;1963,164,1.6921;1963,167,0.8;1963,160,1.9642;1963,462,1.7817;1963,201,1.8663;1963,467,3.0041;1963,473,2.568;1963,65,5.5062;1963,259,2.2678;1963,156,2.381;1963,202,1.8078;1963,276,3.9805;1963,3,3.9753;1963,253,1.5;1963,151,1.2155;1963,152,2.381;1963,153,2.8042;1963,149,4.0697;1963,150,1.0043;1963,94,0.7692;1963,147,1.702;1963,148,1.436;1963,139,1.2471;1963,145,1.9394;1963,146,2.0309;1963,138,2.523;1963,144,1.8408;1963,135,2.87;1963,136,1.7226;1963,137,1.5498;1963,134,2.6039;1963,8,4.9035;1963,14,5.0821;1963,132,2.1922;1963,129,2.4409;1963,131,2.381;1963,126,2.381;1963,122,2.381;1963,125,0.8667;1963,121,0.523;1963,119,2.381;1963,116,2.1525;1963,117,1.0341;1963,118,1.8341;1963,115,1.3415;1963,114,1.7143;1963,111,2.381;1963,113,2.1993;1963,109,1.5385;1963,110,5;1963,142,1.5957;1963,107,1.9349;1963,105,2.1674;1963,103,1.2037;1963,104,1.0722;1963,128,4.6056;1963,450,4.4449;1963,464,5.4861;1963,277,4.6796;1963,101,1.3902;1963,98,2.2857;1963,99,3.2;1963,100,1.076;1963,96,1.2447;1963,97,3.7074;1963,93,6.6667;1963,95,4.5518;1963,12,2.381;1963,92,3.7445;1963,90,2.8492;1963,89,1.4133;1963,87,1.2541;1963,195,1.92;1963,81,1.3954;1963,295,1.6803;1963,127,4.3974;1963,465,2.2961;1963,9,6.3573;1963,470,1.6079;1963,475,5.0935;1963,79,1.0566;1963,141,1.9547;1963,234,2.7203;1963,78,2.7815;1963,76,2.381;1964,15,1.7273;1964,16,2.3094;1964,17,3.8275;1964,19,1.3;1964,21,3.5172;1964,22,2.2932;1964,23,6.0737;1964,25,2.2932;1964,28,1.707;1964,30,2.2932;1964,31,1.1794;1964,32,0.4468;1964,33,2;1964,34,1.5;1964,37,1.5171;1964,38,1.3235;1964,39,2.7652;1964,40,0.977;1964,41,2.4;1964,42,1.1611;1964,43,1.11;1964,174,0.9231;1964,436,1.9808;1964,477,1.6198;1964,172,2.6328;1964,173,1.4074;1964,169,1.1957;1964,170,1.9835;1964,171,2.8289;1964,166,1.4338;1964,168,0.8602;1964,143,0.9151;1964,164,1.7326;1964,167,0.8088;1964,160,2.2009;1964,462,1.8372;1964,201,2.2035;1964,467,3.1096;1964,473,2.323;1964,65,5.0396;1964,259,2.234;1964,156,2.2932;1964,202,1.7776;1964,276,3.8435;1964,3,4.061;1964,253,1.5556;1964,151,1.3695;1964,152,2.2932;1964,153,2.5305;1964,149,4.324;1964,150,1.0053;1964,94,0.5625;1964,147,1.7023;1964,148,1.7435;1964,139,1.2139;1964,145,2;1964,146,2.0179;1964,138,1.9493;1964,144,1.3962;1964,135,2.8665;1964,136,1.763;1964,137,1.6171;1964,134,2.8362;1964,8,5.2168;1964,14,5.0111;1964,132,1.5063;1964,129,2.4636;1964,131,2.2932;1964,126,2.2932;1964,122,2.2932;1964,125,0.8024;1964,121,0.5098;1964,119,2.2932;1964,116,1.9968;1964,117,0.9714;1964,118,1.9281;1964,115,0.9956;1964,114,2;1964,111,2.2932;1964,113,2.0697;1964,109,1.6154;1964,110,5;1964,142,1.7097;1964,107,1.9991;1964,105,2.1511;1964,103,1.2291;1964,104,1.2596;1964,128,4.5335;1964,450,4.5906;1964,464,5.0145;1964,277,4.7639;1964,101,1.4937;1964,98,2.5;1964,99,3;1964,100,1.0575;1964,96,1.2478;1964,97,4.2759;1964,93,6.6;1964,95,4.7991;1964,12,2.2932;1964,92,2.69;1964,90,2.5;1964,89,1.2791;1964,87,1.4128;1964,195,2;1964,81,1.4615;1964,295,1.6649;1964,127,4.472;1964,465,2.24;1964,9,6.2111;1964,470,1.652;1964,475,5.2439;1964,79,0.5095;1964,141,1.9962;1964,234,2.9053;1964,78,2.6675;1964,76,2.2932;1964,77,2;1964,198,3.7244;1964,64,1.3393;1964,75,1.8384;1964,225,1.3652;1964,73,2.244;1964,74,1.0148;1964,69,2.2932;1964,70,4.7629;1964,67,2.2932;1964,68,1.1599;1964,270,2.2932;1964,13,4.5906;1964,62,2.2932;1964,63,2.293;1964,84,1.9441;1964,238,1.8271;1964,466,1.0638;1964,355,2.1025;1964,476,4.061;1964,80,1.3;1964,271,3.8863;1965,77,1.9091;1965,198,3.8454;1965,64,1.3028;1965,75,1.7805;1965,225,1.6599;1965,73,2.2517;1965,74,0.5783;1965,69,2.5;1965,70,4.334;1965,67,2.5;1965,68,1.1875;1965,270,2.5;1965,13,4.7693;1965,62,2.5;1965,63,3.2708;1965,84,1.9414;1965,238,1.902;1965,466,1.0778;1965,355,2.0353;1965,476,3.2935;1965,80,1.3;1965,271,4.198;1965,15,1.7273;1965,16,2.5998;1965,17,2.9105;1965,19,1.3913;1965,21,3.9423;1965,22,2.5;1965,23,6.3365;1965,25,2.5;1965,28,1.6827;1965,30,2.5;1965,31,0.919;1965,32,0.5313;1965,33,2;1965,34,1.5643;1965,37,1.641;1965,38,1.1737;1965,39,3.1075;1965,40,0.7485;1965,41,2.0743;1965,42,1.0666;1965,43,1.212;1965,174,0.9286;1965,436,1.9936;1965,477,1.9023;1965,172,2.9114;1965,173,0.9127;1965,169,1.1009;1965,170,1.7932;1965,171,2.9667;1965,166,1.5566;1965,168,1.0417;1965,143,0.9579;1965,164,1.4466;1965,167,0.4789;1965,160,2.2032;1965,462,1.8083;1965,201,2.583;1965,467,3.1964;1965,473,2.4382;1965,65,5.0253;1965,259,2.6361;1965,156,2.5;1965,202,1.7724;1965,276,3.4238;1965,3,3.2935;1965,253,1.6667;1965,151,1.3706;1965,152,2.5;1965,153,2.7048;1965,149,4.4039;1965,150,1.0096;1965,94,0.7833;1965,147,1.7026;1965,148,1.7535;1965,139,1.181;1965,145,2.0571;1965,146,2.0649;1965,138,1.2343;1965,144,2.4362;1965,135,2.8389;1965,136,1.7708;1965,137,1.2936;1965,134,2.7451;1965,8,4.025;1965,14,4.9489;1965,132,1.5065;1965,129,5.6809;1965,131,2.5;1965,126,2.5;1965,122,2.5;1965,125,0.8079;1965,121,0.5253;1965,119,2.5;1965,116,2.1578;1965,117,0.9072;1965,118,1.872;1965,115,0.9586;1965,114,1.8571;1965,111,2.5;1965,113,2.7344;1965,109,1.5;1965,110,4.2;1965,142,1.6614;1965,107,1.9865;1965,105,2.1486;1965,103,1.2287;1965,104,1.3453;1965,128,3.9688;1965,450,4.7693;1965,464,4.9881;1965,277,5.1725;1965,101,1.4174;1965,98,2.7;1965,99,3;1965,100,1.138;1965,96,1.3099;1965,97,3.8777;1965,93,6.2264;1965,95,3.8688;1965,12,2.5;1965,92,2.4522;1965,90,2.3333;1965,89,1.4881;1965,87,1.3256;1965,195,2.0741;1965,81,1.5385;1965,295,1.7638;1965,127,3.9634;1965,465,2.2691;1965,9,5.9262;1965,470,1.4064;1965,475,4.4618;1965,79,0.8649;1965,141,1.7696;1965,234,2.9982;1965,78,2.7009;1965,76,2.5;1966,15,1.518;1966,16,2.7363;1966,17,2.8906;1966,19,1.3636;1966,21,3.5324;1966,22,2.6694;1966,23,7.1755;1966,25,2.6694;1966,28,1.5827;1966,30,2.6694;1966,31,0.7663;1966,32,0.6404;1966,33,2;1966,34,1.5426;1966,37,1.4487;1966,38,1.3922;1966,39,3.9589;1966,40,0.8696;1966,41,2.0447;1966,42,1.0889;1966,43,1.124;1966,174,0.9286;1966,436,2.205;1966,477,1.843;1966,172,2.0795;1966,173,1.3042;1966,169,1.0833;1966,170,1.9429;1966,171,3.1445;1966,166,1.6104;1966,168,2;1966,143,1.0682;1966,164,2;1966,167,0.8009;1966,160,2.3409;1966,462,1.5526;1966,201,2.5148;1966,467,3.3774;1966,473,2.6599;1966,65,4.7268;1966,259,2.5565;1966,156,2.6694;1966,202,1.7118;1966,276,3.7318;1966,3,3.6562;1966,253,1.5294;1966,151,1.3667;1966,152,2.6694;1966,153,1.5714;1966,149,4.7503;1966,150,1.1515;1966,94,1.0667;1966,147,1.7029;1966,148,2.395;1966,139,1.2064;1966,145,2.0541;1966,146,2.0388;1966,138,1.6423;1966,144,1.7563;1966,135,2.5594;1966,136,1.7748;1966,137,1.2952;1966,134,2.8013;1966,8,4.687;1966,14,5.0841;1966,132,1.4995;1966,129,5.8657;1966,131,2.6694;1966,126,2.6694;1966,122,2.6694;1966,125,0.8108;1966,121,1.0602;1966,119,2.6694;1966,116,2.1408;1966,117,0.6748;1966,118,1.6645;1966,115,0.8901;1966,114,2;1966,111,2.6694;1966,113,2.4386;1966,109,1.0533;1966,110,4.5091;1966,142,1.4694;1966,107,1.8248;1966,105,2.403;1966,103,1.2438;1966,104,2.2283;1966,128,4.2566;1966,450,4.8442;1966,464,4.7087;1966,277,5.7904;1966,101,1.4523;1966,98,2.1957;1966,99,3;1966,100,1.0654;1966,96,1.3223;1966,97,3.9012;1966,93,6.3636;1966,95,4.4351;1966,12,2.6694;1966,92,2.7073;1966,90,3;1966,89,1.4247;1966,87,1.3272;1966,195,2.2101;1966,81,1.5385;1966,295,1.6221;1966,127,4.4257;1966,465,2.4355;1966,9,6.3519;1966,470,1.3849;1966,475,5.0139;1966,79,0.8401;1966,141,1.8365;1966,234,3.3478;1966,78,2.9612;1966,76,2.6694;1966,77,2.3203;1966,198,3.8086;1966,64,1.0479;1966,75,1.836;1966,225,1.6599;1966,73,2.2472;1966,74,0.5858;1966,69,2.6694;1966,70,3.8462;1966,67,2.6694;1966,68,2.066;1966,270,2.6694;1966,13,4.8442;1966,62,2.6694;1966,63,2.7459;1966,84,1.8079;1966,238,1.7723;1966,466,1.2089;1966,355,2.0781;1966,476,3.6562;1966,80,1.3;1966,271,4.5276;1967,77,2.3293;1967,198,3.8647;1967,64,0.9972;1967,75,1.7497;1967,225,1.7576;1967,73,2.4706;1967,74,1.0011;1967,69,2.9644;1967,70,3.8883;1967,67,2.9644;1967,68,1.304;1967,270,2.9644;1967,13,5.0851;1967,62,2.9644;1967,63,3.4029;1967,84,1.9159;1967,238,1.9512;1967,466,1.2755;1967,355,2.1749;1967,476,4.3027;1967,80,1.3953;1967,271,4.6437;1967,15,1.9223;1967,16,2.7912;1967,17,2.6655;1967,19,1.4865;1967,21,3.5096;1967,22,2.9644;1967,23,7.4074;1967,25,2.9644;1967,28,1.6944;1967,30,2.9644;1967,31,0.7779;1967,32,0.7035;1967,33,2;1967,34,1.8443;1967,37,1.5828;1967,38,1.5871;1967,39,4.1617;1967,40,1.2153;1967,41,0.9831;1967,42,1.2163;1967,43,1.4329;1967,174,1.0857;1967,436,1.9711;1967,477,1.9543;1967,172,2.5455;1967,173,1.3079;1967,169,1.1009;1967,170,2.2755;1967,171,3.1006;1967,166,1.6667;1967,168,2.3333;1967,143,1.1452;1967,164,1.6249;1967,167,0.8034;1967,160,2.0769;1967,462,1.6208;1967,201,2.1142;1967,467,3.384;1967,473,2.9722;1967,65,5.0398;1967,259,2.7803;1967,156,2.9644;1967,202,1.6805;1967,276,3.9924;1967,3,4.3027;1967,253,2.25;1967,151,1.1289;1967,152,2.9644;1967,153,1.6057;1967,149,5.2307;1967,150,1.1973;1967,94,1.2857;1967,147,1.7032;1967,148,1.7699;1967,139,1.2324;1967,145,2.0263;1967,146,1.9059;1967,138,2.1465;1967,144,1.9331;1967,135,2.7988;1967,136,1.7592;1967,137,1.5484;1967,134,3.0575;1967,8,5.1823;1967,14,5.749;1967,132,1.5354;1967,129,5.6318;1967,131,2.9644;1967,126,2.9644;1967,122,2.9644;1967,125,0.8448;1967,121,1.0597;1967,119,2.9644;1967,116,2.0165;1967,117,0.7595;1967,118,1.7394;1967,115,0.8568;1967,114,1.3333;1967,111,2.9644;1967,113,2.4821;1967,109,1.1333;1967,110,5.0926;1967,142,1.651;1967,107,1.8361;1967,105,2.6667;1967,103,1.4695;1967,104,2.8263;1967,128,3.9536;1967,450,5.0851;1967,464,5.01;1967,277,6.0465;1967,101,1.5835;1967,98,2.4959;1967,99,3;1967,100,1.1655;1967,96,1.3804;1967,97,4.3249;1967,93,6.6667;1967,95,4.5257;1967,12,2.9644;1967,91,1.8818;1967,92,3.0816;1967,90,3.8023;1967,89,1.3587;1967,87,1.3371;1967,195,1.0857;1967,81,1.5385;1967,295,1.7601;1967,127,4.0551;1967,465,2.3226;1967,9,6.1173;1967,470,1.6015;1967,475,5.2724;1967,79,0.7631;1967,141,2.1259;1967,234,3.5485;1967,78,2.766;1967,76,2.9644;1968,15,1.9515;1968,16,3.0831;1968,17,3.1333;1968,19,0.6885;1968,21,3.9958;1968,22,3.1699;1968,23,7.4175;1968,25,3.1699;1968,28,1.7466;1968,30,3.1699;1968,31,1.607;1968,32,0.7837;1968,33,2;1968,34,1.8845;1968,37,1.4919;1968,38,1.5868;1968,39,2.8757;1968,40,0.8888;1968,41,2.0909;1968,42,1.3989;1968,43,1.1152;1968,174,0.98;1968,436,1.9067;1968,477,1.993;1968,172,2.8783;1968,173,1.1298;1968,169,1.2222;1968,170,2.8373;1968,171,3.1868;1968,166,1.7323;1968,168,2.2857;1968,143,1.218;1968,164,1.582;1968,167,0.8047;1968,160,2.06;1968,462,1.6305;1968,201,1.3121;1968,467,3.4511;1968,473,3.0357;1968,65,5.1105;1968,259,2.9163;1968,156,3.1699;1968,202,1.9643;1968,276,3.7103;1968,3,3.4635;1968,253,2;1968,151,1.2699;1968,152,3.1699;1968,153,1.7029;1968,149,4.8841;1968,150,1.4287;1968,94,1.5;1968,147,1.7036;1968,148,1.8477;1968,139,1.2554;1968,145,2.0263;1968,146,1.5313;1968,138,1.9321;1968,144,1.7787;1968,135,2.7374;1968,136,2.1398;1968,137,1.6134;1968,134,3.2431;1968,8,4.1673;1968,14,5.7183;1968,132,1.5025;1968,129,5.4497;1968,131,3.1699;1968,126,3.1699;1968,122,3.1699;1968,125,1.1753;1968,121,1.0857;1968,119,3.1699;1968,116,2.1714;1968,117,0.8273;1968,118,1.7814;1968,115,0.8361;1968,114,0.6965;1968,213,3.8065;1968,111,3.1699;1968,113,2.5034;1968,109,1.0514;1968,110,5.2564;1968,142,1.6843;1968,107,1.8745;1968,105,2.7382;1968,103,1.5021;1968,104,2.5527;1968,128,3.826;1968,450,4.96;1968,464,5.0912;1968,277,6.0623;1968,101,1.9604;1968,98,2.2286;1968,99,2.942;1968,100,1.2678;1968,96,1.3339;1968,97,3.767;1968,93,6.7692;1968,95,4.5256;1968,12,3.1699;1968,91,2.1016;1968,92,2.3929;1968,90,3.8023;1968,89,0.9025;1968,87,1.3316;1968,195,2.341;1968,81,1.5385;1968,295,1.6723;1968,127,3.8593;1968,465,2.0908;1968,9,5.9889;1968,470,1.674;1968,475,4.6312;1968,79,0.6037;1968,141,2.3968;1968,234,3.278;1968,78,2.3967;1968,76,3.1699;1968,77,1.9493;1968,198,4.0166;1968,64,0.8125;1968,75,1.7882;1968,225,1.9605;1968,73,2.4646;1968,74,0.6304;1968,69,3.1699;1968,70,4.5556;1968,67,3.1699;1968,68,0.5736;1968,270,3.1699;1968,13,4.96;1968,62,3.1699;1968,63,3.3973;1968,84,1.7095;1968,238,2.1232;1968,466,1.2749;1968,355,2.2328;1968,476,3.4635;1968,60,0.393;1968,80,1.5217;1968,271,3.56;1969,77,2.2694;1969,198,3.7126;1969,64,0.9767;1969,75,1.8474;1969,225,1.8239;1969,73,2.5753;1969,74,0.625;1969,69,3.1372;1969,70,3.7398;1969,67,3.1372;1969,68,0.681;1969,270,3.1372;1969,13,4.8399;1969,62,3.1372;1969,63,3.9166;1969,84,1.788;1969,238,2.0563;1969,466,1.3282;1969,355,2.254;1969,476,4.1631;1969,60,0.4121;1969,80,1.6;1969,271,4.0307;1969,15,1.9757;1969,16,3.2698;1969,17,3.4066;1969,19,1.063;1969,21,3.9429;1969,22,3.1372;1969,23,7.9238;1969,25,3.1372;1969,28,1.7459;1969,30,3.1372;1969,31,2.0618;1969,32,0.9735;1969,33,2;1969,34,1.5281;1969,37,1.3838;1969,38,1.8581;1969,39,3.7429;1969,40,0.9736;1969,41,1.6655;1969,42,1.2876;1969,43,0.82;1969,174,0.8213;1969,436,2.0282;1969,477,2.0296;1969,172,2.268;1969,173,1.0071;1969,169,1.1111;1969,170,2.7728;1969,171,3.1415;1969,166,1.7901;1969,168,1.7143;1969,143,1.051;1969,164,1.7507;1969,167,0.8;1969,160,2.3214;1969,462,1.7314;1969,201,2.9926;1969,467,3.4295;1969,473,3.0553;1969,65,5.1016;1969,259,3.3317;1969,156,3.1372;1969,202,1.7783;1969,276,4.0167;1969,3,4.1631;1969,253,2;1969,151,1.3695;1969,152,3.1372;1969,153,1.9846;1969,149,4.7742;1969,150,1.2441;1969,94,0.9167;1969,147,1.7039;1969,148,1.5518;1969,139,1.279;1969,145,2.1842;1969,146,1.6889;1969,138,2.2666;1969,144,2.3654;1969,135,2.8022;1969,136,2.2487;1969,137,1.6094;1969,134,3;1969,8,5.1004;1969,14,5.5505;1969,132,1.5128;1969,129,4.611;1969,131,3.1372;1969,126,3.1372;1969,122,3.1372;1969,125,1.3471;1969,121,1.1088;1969,119,3.1372;1969,116,2.3246;1969,117,1.075;1969,118,1.881;1969,115,1.174;1969,114,0.8121;1969,213,4.0448;1969,111,3.1372;1969,113,2.5816;1969,109,1.2015;1969,110,5.7955;1969,142,1.7092;1969,107,1.9104;1969,105,2.6859;1969,103,1.2597;1969,104,2.454;1969,128,4.4215;1969,450,4.8399;1969,464,5.0798;1969,277,6.3764;1969,101,2.2201;1969,98,2.6557;1969,99,2.8919;1969,100,1.3146;1969,96,1.7098;1969,97,4.0456;1969,93,6.6176;1969,95,4.6808;1969,12,3.1372;1969,91,2.6;1969,92,2.3602;1969,90,3;1969,89,1.5195;1969,87,1.6355;1969,195,1.3887;1969,81,1.5385;1969,295,1.6215;1969,127,4.6623;1969,465,2.4178;1969,9,6.4544;1969,470,1.6823;1969,475,5.2591;1969,79,0.8766;1969,141,2.5654;1969,234,3.4913;1969,78,2.8218;1969,76,3.1372;1970,15,1.8119;1970,16,2.9705;1970,17,1.581;1970,19,1.198;1970,21,3.9941;1970,22,3.4;1970,23,6.2274;1970,25,3.4;1970,28,1.6862;1970,30,3.4;1970,31,1.9679;1970,32,1.4667;1970,33,2;1970,34,1.3157;1970,37,1.5169;1970,38,1.9621;1970,39,3.8548;1970,40,0.9;1970,41,1.4379;1970,42,1.5898;1970,43,0.8283;1970,174,0.5512;1970,436,2.1173;1970,477,2.2474;1970,172,3.0228;1970,173,0.9623;1970,169,1.1111;1970,170,3.2271;1970,171,3.4162;1970,166,1.8341;1970,168,2;1970,143,1.0917;1970,164,1.9177;1970,167,0.7357;1970,160,2.5293;1970,462,1.7621;1970,201,2.6571;1970,467,3.638;1970,473,3.2641;1970,65,5.425;1970,259,3.7169;1970,156,3.4;1970,202,1.8922;1970,276,3.9836;1970,3,4.2177;1970,253,1.5;1970,151,1.4347;1970,152,3.4;1970,153,1.6301;1970,149,4.9846;1970,150,0.8873;1970,94,1.1667;1970,147,1.7042;1970,148,2.0095;1970,139,1.303;1970,145,2.1053;1970,146,1.8922;1970,138,1.9076;1970,144,2.3669;1970,135,2.7937;1970,136,2.3763;1970,137,1.6849;1970,134,2.4027;1970,8,4.7327;1970,14,5.6348;1970,132,1.5062;1970,129,4.8768;1970,131,3.4;1970,126,3.4;1970,122,3.4;1970,125,1.3589;1970,121,1.2338;1970,119,3.4;1970,116,2.3858;1970,117,1.1108;1970,118,1.9517;1970,115,0.9849;1970,114,1.2477;1970,213,3.4449;1970,111,3.4;1970,113,2.7031;1970,109,1.2843;1970,110,5;1970,142,1.6973;1970,107,1.9486;1970,105,3.1972;1970,103,1.3451;1970,104,2.2622;1970,128,4.3915;1970,450,5.1763;1970,464,5.3636;1970,277,5.2437;1970,101,2.1939;1970,98,1.9661;1970,99,2.8879;1970,100,1.4086;1970,96,1.746;1970,97,4.1791;1970,93,6.5714;1970,95,4.6662;1970,12,3.4;1970,91,1.8994;1970,92,2.3348;1970,90,3;1970,89,1.0284;1970,87,1.3769;1970,195,2.726;1970,81,1.5385;1970,82,2.8571;1970,295,1.7521;1970,127,4.552;1970,465,2.5224;1970,9,5.9487;1970,470,1.7227;1970,475,4.9467;1970,79,1.1903;1970,141,2.2485;1970,234,3.7156;1970,78,3.054;1970,76,3.4;1970,77,1.8171;1970,198,3.9944;1970,64,0.8742;1970,75,2.0207;1970,225,1.7933;1970,73,2.7521;1970,74,0.5829;1970,69,3.4;1970,70,4.0409;1970,67,3.4;1970,68,0.7323;1970,270,3.4;1970,13,5.1763;1970,62,3.4;1970,63,3.8836;1970,84,2.1534;1970,238,1.7369;1970,466,1.2528;1970,355,2.3808;1970,476,4.2177;1970,60,0.4079;1970,80,1.7834;1970,271,4.1403;1971,77,1.5345;1971,198,3.8744;1971,64,1.1176;1971,75,1.9369;1971,225,1.5034;1971,73,2.8018;1971,74,0.9049;1971,69,3.4077;1971,70,4.4877;1971,67,3.4077;1971,68,0.9167;1971,270,3.4077;1971,13,5.2882;1971,62,3.4077;1971,63,3.8894;1971,84,2.2265;1971,238,1.3588;1971,466,1.2785;1971,355,2.3619;1971,476,3.7876;1971,60,0.5529;1971,80,1.1538;1971,271,4.5872;1971,15,1.75;1971,16,3.1573;1971,17,2.3403;1971,19,1.2632;1971,21,3.7306;1971,22,3.4077;1971,23,7.3918;1971,25,3.4077;1971,28,1.6022;1971,30,3.4077;1971,31,1.4624;1971,32,1.4211;1971,33,2;1971,34,1.5965;1971,37,1.384;1971,38,1.6024;1971,39,3.9402;1971,40,0.9219;1971,41,1.3739;1971,42,1.4532;1971,43,0.8842;1971,174,0.5446;1971,436,2.3229;1971,477,2.2362;1971,172,2.4615;1971,173,0.9352;1971,169,0.8889;1971,170,3.5673;1971,171,3.3145;1971,166,2.5831;1971,168,1.6667;1971,143,1.3652;1971,164,2.1007;1971,167,0.7356;1971,160,2.8649;1971,462,1.7418;1971,201,3.4931;1971,467,3.501;1971,473,3.3188;1971,65,5.3047;1971,259,3.7453;1971,156,3.4077;1971,202,1.9418;1971,276,3.9944;1971,3,3.7876;1971,253,1.3333;1971,151,1.4347;1971,152,3.4077;1971,153,1.5875;1971,149,4.7311;1971,150,0.9044;1971,94,0.9;1971,147,1.7045;1971,148,2.7642;1971,139,1.3274;1971,145,2.1316;1971,146,1.8219;1971,138,2.5456;1971,144,2.2888;1971,135,3.0407;1971,136,2.4254;1971,137,1.711;1971,134,2.8118;1971,8,5.0967;1971,14,5.2439;1971,132,1.5188;1971,129,4.7393;1971,131,3.4077;1971,126,3.4077;1971,122,3.4077;1971,125,1.2204;1971,121,1.2346;1971,119,3.4077;1971,116,2.4736;1971,117,0.9625;1971,118,1.8984;1971,115,0.9256;1971,114,0.9133;1971,213,5.766;1971,111,3.4077;1971,113,2.4039;1971,109,1.4198;1971,110,2.7;1971,142,1.7161;1971,107,1.952;1971,105,3.1269;1971,103,1.2763;1971,104,1.5956;1971,128,4.5419;1971,450,5.2882;1971,464,5.2524;1971,277,6.2689;1971,101,2.3293;1971,98,2.0793;1971,99,2.9143;1971,100,1.4244;1971,96,1.598;1971,97,4.0119;1971,93,6.5714;1971,95,3.8284;1971,12,3.4077;1971,91,2.1721;1971,92,2.4182;1971,90,2;1971,89,1.2927;1971,87,1.3034;1971,195,2.6266;1971,81,1.5385;1971,82,2.8;1971,295,1.6475;1971,127,4.6697;1971,465,2.4819;1971,9,5.9067;1971,470,1.7278;1971,475,5.0307;1971,79,1.1902;1971,141,2.0119;1971,234,3.3943;1971,78,2.9992;1971,76,3.4077;1972,15,1.9048;1972,16,3;1972,17,2.0729;1972,19,0.9249;1972,21,3.5379;1972,22,3.639;1972,23,6.1281;1972,25,3.639;1972,28,1.5716;1972,30,3.639;1972,31,1.7213;1972,32,1.5151;1972,33,2;1972,34,1.6608;1972,37,1.4914;1972,38,1.6175;1972,39,4.0613;1972,40,0.8307;1972,41,2.1525;1972,42,1.3774;1972,43,0.5231;1972,174,0.4815;1972,436,2.2565;1972,477,2.1836;1972,172,3.3574;1972,173,0.7992;1972,169,0.989;1972,170,3.8098;1972,171,3.2475;1972,166,2.775;1972,168,1.2;1972,143,1.1348;1972,164,1.8695;1972,167,0.7761;1972,160,3.2036;1972,462,1.7459;1972,201,2.0945;1972,467,3.4734;1972,473,3.4645;1972,65,5.2076;1972,259,3.2422;1972,156,3.639;1972,202,1.9477;1972,276,3.8013;1972,3,2.3156;1972,253,0.96;1972,151,1.2876;1972,152,3.639;1972,153,2;1972,149,4.9525;1972,150,1.0014;1972,94,1;1972,147,1.7049;1972,148,2.765;1972,139,1.3522;1972,145,2.1905;1972,146,1.9725;1972,138,2.2277;1972,144,2.0568;1972,135,3.183;1972,136,2.4556;1972,137,1.6046;1972,134,2.8511;1972,8,4.0961;1972,14,5.8458;1972,132,1.61;1972,129,5.0789;1972,131,3.639;1972,126,3.639;1972,122,3.639;1972,125,1.2287;1972,121,1.2353;1972,119,3.639;1972,116,2.398;1972,117,0.9929;1972,118,1.8899;1972,115,0.6579;1972,114,1.25;1972,213,4.3688;1972,111,3.639;1972,113,2.5822;1972,109,1.3158;1972,110,4.4839;1972,142,1.6247;1972,107,1.7633;1972,105,2.8389;1972,103,1.8861;1972,104,1.8505;1972,128,4.3613;1972,450,5.2679;1972,464,5.1529;1972,277,5.3254;1972,101,2.3624;1972,98,1.7963;1972,99,2.9189;1972,100,1.1903;1972,96,1.4431;1972,97,4.0856;1972,93,6.5714;1972,95,3.7689;1972,12,3.639;1972,91,2.6;1972,92,1.6729;1972,90,1.4468;1972,89,0.6834;1972,87,1.3764;1972,195,3.3443;1972,81,2.3077;1972,82,2.9885;1972,295,1.7657;1972,127,4.6146;1972,465,2.8806;1972,9,5.8511;1972,470,1.6432;1972,475,4.4157;1972,79,0.9919;1972,141,2.054;1972,234,3.2871;1972,78,3.319;1972,76,3.639;1972,77,2.6038;1972,198,4.1429;1972,64,1.2065;1972,75,1.8308;1972,225,1.7939;1972,73,2.8023;1972,74,0.8125;1972,69,3.639;1972,70,3.9863;1972,67,3.639;1972,68,0.8771;1972,270,3.639;1972,13,5.2679;1972,62,3.639;1972,63,4.1095;1972,84,2.1935;1972,238,2.5207;1972,466,1.3005;1972,355,2.3245;1972,476,2.3156;1972,60,0.7465;1972,80,0.95;1972,271,4.3509;1973,77,0.6667;1973,198,3.931;1973,64,2.3008;1973,75,1.9242;1973,225,1.9486;1973,73,2.8023;1973,74,1.3116;1973,69,3.5498;1973,70,4.4538;1973,67,3.5498;1973,68,0.8878;1973,270,3.5498;1973,13,4.7911;1973,62,3.5498;1973,63,3.964;1973,84,2.2117;1973,238,2.6709;1973,466,1.2392;1973,355,2.4524;1973,476,4.3604;1973,60,0.5622;1973,80,0.6667;1973,271,4.5552;1973,15,2;1973,16,3.16;1973,17,2.0057;1973,19,1.3205;1973,21,3.3965;1973,22,3.5498;1973,23,6.8514;1973,25,3.5498;1973,28,1.8083;1973,30,3.5498;1973,31,2.5318;1973,32,1.7778;1973,33,2;1973,34,1.666;1973,37,1.4933;1973,38,2.4251;1973,39,3.8099;1973,40,0.7987;1973,41,1.81;1973,42,1.2947;1973,43,0.627;1973,174,0.7746;1973,436,2.0796;1973,477,2.3006;1973,172,2.964;1973,173,0.7636;1973,169,1.087;1973,170,4.0427;1973,171,3.4818;1973,166,1.589;1973,168,1.0458;1973,143,1.1552;1973,164,1.4896;1973,167,0.772;1973,160,3.4384;1973,462,1.8527;1973,201,2.7671;1973,467,3.7059;1973,473,3.4431;1973,65,5.4319;1973,259,3.9114;1973,156,3.5498;1973,202,1.97;1973,276,4.1697;1973,3,4.3604;1973,253,1;1973,151,1.3564;1973,152,3.5498;1973,153,2;1973,149,4.9391;1973,150,0.9394;1973,94,0.8;1973,147,1.7052;1973,148,2.0213;1973,139,1.4697;1973,145,3.0379;1973,146,1.8214;1973,138,2.5056;1973,144,2.2265;1973,135,3.0737;1973,136,2.5572;1973,137,1.7259;1973,134,2.4487;1973,8,5.4098;1973,14,6.0175;1973,132,1.7429;1973,129,4.8769;1973,131,3.5498;1973,126,3.5498;1973,122,3.5498;1973,125,1.329;1973,121,1.2363;1973,119,3.5498;1973,116,2.6342;1973,117,1.7;1973,118,1.8167;1973,115,0.6753;1973,114,3.681;1973,213,4.415;1973,111,3.5498;1973,113,2.9958;1973,109,1.5867;1973,110,3.8667;1973,142,1.7629;1973,107,1.969;1973,105,3.1341;1973,103,1.3056;1973,104,2.6053;1973,128,4.5588;1973,450,4.7911;1973,464,5.357;1973,277,6.065;1973,101,2.4353;1973,98,1.9413;1973,99,2.9333;1973,100,1.5389;1973,96,1.4624;1973,97,4.104;1973,93,6.5714;1973,95,4.2764;1973,12,3.5498;1973,91,3.4216;1973,92,2.1645;1973,90,1;1973,89,0.9966;1973,87,1.3647;1973,195,3.0939;1973,81,2.3077;1973,82,2.9091;1973,295,1.7885;1973,127,4.9504;1973,465,2.868;1973,9,6.2948;1973,470,1.7831;1973,475,5.3631;1973,79,1.0987;1973,141,1.9539;1973,234,3.6471;1973,78,3.4164;1973,76,3.5498;1974,15,2;1974,16,3;1974,17,2.4706;1974,19,1.1186;1974,21,3.821;1974,22,3.5939;1974,23,6.0591;1974,25,3.5939;1974,28,1.7289;1974,30,3.5939;1974,31,1.8533;1974,32,1.694;1974,33,2;1974,34,1.5985;1974,37,1.45;1974,38,2.904;1974,39,3.4522;1974,40,1.0801;1974,41,2.017;1974,42,1.1441;1974,43,1.1343;1974,174,0.9034;1974,436,2.5937;1974,477,2.196;1974,172,2.4946;1974,173,0.8479;1974,169,1.1579;1974,170,4.2598;1974,171,3.5033;1974,166,1.5934;1974,168,1;1974,143,1.2808;1974,164,2.1441;1974,167,0.7704;1974,160,3.855;1974,462,1.7986;1974,201,2.5936;1974,467,3.7235;1974,473,3.4535;1974,65,5.0677;1974,259,2.8836;1974,156,3.5939;1974,202,1.9399;1974,276,4.1099;1974,3,3.3966;1974,253,1;1974,151,1.1918;1974,152,3.5939;1974,153,1.4667;1974,149,5;1974,150,1.0958;1974,94,0.7;1974,147,1.7055;1974,148,1.6027;1974,139,1.4973;1974,145,2.6533;1974,146,2.4233;1974,138,1.969;1974,144,1.6159;1974,135,3.0115;1974,136,2.6412;1974,137,1.5744;1974,134,2.2056;1974,8,5.4675;1974,14,5.8605;1974,132,1.8125;1974,129,5.0617;1974,131,3.5939;1974,126,3.5939;1974,122,3.5939;1974,125,1.319;1974,121,1.2338;1974,119,3.5939;1974,116,2.8311;1974,117,1.4524;1974,118,1.8932;1974,115,1.1117;1974,114,3;1974,213,3.9064;1974,111,3.5939;1974,113,2.8425;1974,109,1.6;1974,110,3.2237;1974,142,1.7574;1974,107,1.9779;1974,105,2.7069;1974,103,1.9517;1974,104,2.0375;1974,128,4.5167;1974,450,4.977;1974,464,4.9933;1974,277,5.5474;1974,101,2.1632;1974,98,2.2134;1974,99,2.865;1974,100,1.5894;1974,96,1.5458;1974,97,4.2697;1974,93,6.5714;1974,95,3.9242;1974,12,3.5939;1974,91,2.2885;1974,92,2.2747;1974,90,1;1974,89,1.3926;1974,87,1.4019;1974,195,3.0964;1974,81,2.3077;1974,82,2.9825;1974,295,1.824;1974,127,5.1257;1974,465,2.749;1974,9,5.9951;1974,470,1.6519;1974,475,5.3215;1974,79,1.1652;1974,141,2.0104;1974,234,3.6619;1974,78,3.2676;1974,76,3.5939;1974,77,4.4389;1974,198,3.9931;1974,64,1.3681;1974,75,1.8254;1974,225,2.3;1974,73,2.8042;1974,74,1.3599;1974,69,3.5939;1974,70,4.3103;1974,67,3.5939;1974,68,0.8671;1974,270,3.5939;1974,13,4.977;1974,62,3.5939;1974,63,3.7023;1974,84,2.1564;1974,238,2.528;1974,466,1.4154;1974,355,2.4251;1974,476,3.3966;1974,60,0.7139;1974,80,0.6;1974,271,4.4028;1975,77,4.9838;1975,198,4.0085;1975,64,1.299;1975,75,1.8308;1975,225,2.0833;1975,73,2.5078;1975,74,1.4026;1975,69,3.74;1975,70,4.5662;1975,67,3.74;1975,68,0.8939;1975,270,3.74;1975,13,5.1086;1975,62,3.74;1975,63,3.954;1975,84,2.1198;1975,238,3.1962;1975,466,1.4075;1975,355,2.5186;1975,476,4.1569;1975,60,1.0308;1975,80,0.5012;1975,271,4.578;1975,15,2.0714;1975,16,3.375;1975,17,2.7586;1975,19,1.3333;1975,21,3.7946;1975,22,3.74;1975,23,5.1216;1975,25,3.74;1975,28,1.8531;1975,30,3.74;1975,31,1.0903;1975,32,1.8499;1975,33,2;1975,34,1.6931;1975,37,1.4665;1975,38,2.7178;1975,39,4.0274;1975,40,0.9661;1975,41,2.2702;1975,42,1.2;1975,43,1.261;1975,174,0.903;1975,436,2.5005;1975,477,2.4012;1975,172,3.3383;1975,173,0.9574;1975,169,1.2632;1975,170,4.2528;1975,171,3.5283;1975,166,2.2461;1975,168,1;1975,143,1.2718;1975,164,2.5068;1975,167,0.776;1975,160,2.4618;1975,462,1.7304;1975,201,2.9719;1975,467,3.7751;1975,473,3.6674;1975,65,5.4803;1975,259,3.5844;1975,156,3.74;1975,202,2.25;1975,276,4.3143;1975,3,4.1569;1975,253,1;1975,151,1.2197;1975,152,3.74;1975,153,1.4;1975,149,5.1;1975,150,0.9057;1975,94,0.8933;1975,147,1.7058;1975,148,1.6827;1975,139,1.6714;1975,145,2.5;1975,146,2.1791;1975,138,2.5361;1975,144,1.7924;1975,135,3.102;1975,136,2.6297;1975,137,1.8582;1975,134,2.0261;1975,8,5.695;1975,14,6.1856;1975,132,1.9007;1975,129,5.0933;1975,131,3.74;1975,126,3.74;1975,122,3.74;1975,125,1.3382;1975,121,1.199;1975,119,3.74;1975,116,2.6615;1975,117,1.925;1975,118,1.829;1975,115,1.1773;1975,114,3.7066;1975,213,2.0328;1975,111,3.74;1975,113,2.7921;1975,109,1.3467;1975,110,4.7097;1975,142,1.8307;1975,107,2.0742;1975,105,3.0129;1975,103,1.931;1975,104,1.7047;1975,128,4.5019;1975,450,5.1086;1975,464,5.3951;1975,277,4.7452;1975,101,2.2964;1975,98,2.2711;1975,99,2.9;1975,100,1.6018;1975,96,1.6636;1975,97,4.383;1975,93,7.0588;1975,95,4.3916;1975,12,3.74;1975,91,2.4789;1975,92,3.1293;1975,90,1;1975,89,1.3284;1975,87,1.5016;1975,195,2.0651;1975,81,2.3077;1975,82,2.0625;1975,295,1.8383;1975,127,5.3243;1975,465,2.5465;1975,9,6.0982;1975,470,1.8884;1975,475,5.5456;1975,79,0.9917;1975,141,1.9325;1975,234,3.6809;1975,78,2.739;1975,76,3.74;1976,15,2.1333;1976,16,3.5;1976,17,2.558;1976,19,1;1976,21,3.5407;1976,22,3.5496;1976,23,5.5719;1976,25,3.5496;1976,28,1.7839;1976,30,3.5496;1976,31,1.4697;1976,32,1.8039;1976,33,2;1976,34,1.5747;1976,37,1.4658;1976,38,1.9647;1976,39,2.4745;1976,40,1.01;1976,41,2.2149;1976,42,1.1;1976,43,1.8709;1976,174,0.8889;1976,436,2.8232;1976,477,2.0735;1976,172,3.4152;1976,173,1.0643;1976,169,1.2;1976,170,4.1634;1976,171,3.4957;1976,166,1.8675;1976,168,1;1976,143,1.1558;1976,164,2.7633;1976,167,0.7803;1976,160,2.734;1976,462,1.7461;1976,201,2.6376;1976,467,3.7161;1976,473,3.3405;1976,65,5.077;1976,259,2.5876;1976,156,3.5496;1976,202,2.25;1976,276,3.8936;1976,3,3.8974;1976,253,1;1976,151,0.7895;1976,152,3.5496;1976,153,1.6;1976,149,3.6316;1976,150,0.9065;1976,94,0.8889;1976,147,1.7061;1976,148,1.2869;1976,139,1.529;1976,145,3.275;1976,146,1.7835;1976,138,1.1344;1976,144,1.8863;1976,135,3.7893;1976,136,2.7843;1976,137,1.6372;1976,134,3.1171;1976,8,4.8503;1976,14,5.4797;1976,132,1.984;1976,129,5.775;1976,131,3.5496;1976,126,3.5496;1976,122,3.5496;1976,125,1.26;1976,121,1.225;1976,119,3.5496;1976,116,2.7217;1976,117,2;1976,118,1.9198;1976,115,1.2753;1976,114,3.3361;1976,213,4.5146;1976,111,3.5496;1976,113,2.9072;1976,109,0.6;1976,110,3.3887;1976,142,1.8974;1976,107,1.8914;1976,105,2.6842;1976,103,1.2674;1976,104,1.3226;1976,128,4.5295;1976,450,5.2268;1976,464,4.9783;1976,277,5.1582;1976,101,2.3472;1976,98,2.0195;1976,99,2.8986;1976,100,1.1805;1976,96,1.7967;1976,97,4.2835;1976,93,7.0588;1976,95,4.3634;1976,12,3.5496;1976,91,2.4935;1976,92,1.7895;1976,90,1;1976,89,1.4382;1976,87,1.45;1976,195,2.9522;1976,81,2.3077;1976,82,2;1976,295,1.7407;1976,127,5.9667;1976,465,2.5515;1976,9,6.3469;1976,470,1.7175;1976,475,4.9817;1976,79,1.2696;1976,141,1.9712;1976,234,3.564;1976,78,2.7216;1976,76,3.5496;1976,77,3.6881;1976,198,4.3536;1976,64,1.2959;1976,75,1.845;1976,225,2;1976,73,2.8023;1976,74,1.3147;1976,69,3.5496;1976,70,4.8759;1976,67,3.5496;1976,68,1.1881;1976,270,3.5496;1976,13,5.2268;1976,62,3.5496;1976,63,4.1378;1976,84,2.2327;1976,238,3.085;1976,466,1.3005;1976,355,2.4509;1976,476,3.8974;1976,60,1.0792;1976,80,0.4639;1976,271,2.7909;1977,77,3;1977,198,4.3095;1977,64,1.2922;1977,75,1.591;1977,225,2;1977,73,2.8082;1977,74,0.998;1977,69,3.7729;1977,70,4.7455;1977,67,3.7729;1977,68,1.0714;1977,270,3.7729;1977,13,4.945;1977,62,3.7729;1977,63,4.0161;1977,84,1.9378;1977,238,2.991;1977,466,1.3094;1977,355,2.5718;1977,476,2.1721;1977,60,0.8455;1977,80,0.4716;1977,271,4.3812;1977,15,1.9048;1977,16,3.6;1977,17,2.4719;1977,19,1;1977,21,3.532;1977,22,3.7729;1977,23,5.7585;1977,25,3.7729;1977,28,1.9398;1977,30,3.7729;1977,31,2.4968;1977,32,2.0674;1977,33,2;1977,34,1.7505;1977,37,1.5009;1977,38,1.5034;1977,39,3.9417;1977,40,1.1791;1977,41,1.8293;1977,42,1;1977,43,1.7432;1977,174,1;1977,436,2.8166;1977,477,2.4954;1977,172,3.3844;1977,173,1.1905;1977,169,1.2621;1977,170,4.1564;1977,171,3.6373;1977,166,2.3738;1977,168,1;1977,143,1.1663;1977,164,3.0033;1977,167,0.772;1977,160,2.7359;1977,462,1.6522;1977,201,3.0603;1977,467,3.9196;1977,473,3.6174;1977,65,5.2039;1977,259,2.6324;1977,156,3.7729;1977,202,1.9293;1977,276,3.7587;1977,3,2.1721;1977,253,1;1977,151,0.7748;1977,152,3.7729;1977,153,1.5667;1977,149,5.1366;1977,150,0.845;1977,94,0.75;1977,147,1.7065;1977,148,2.055;1977,139,1.1993;1977,145,2.26;1977,146,2.6103;1977,138,1.2717;1977,144,1.8827;1977,135,3.4665;1977,136,2.7929;1977,137,1.9613;1977,134,3.1384;1977,8,3.6735;1977,14,6.1683;1977,132,2.185;1977,129,6.1813;1977,131,3.7729;1977,126,3.7729;1977,122,3.7729;1977,125,1.2345;1977,121,1.2427;1977,119,3.7729;1977,116,2.6252;1977,117,1.8889;1977,118,1.759;1977,115,1.118;1977,114,2.25;1977,213,5.9783;1977,111,3.7729;1977,113,3.1438;1977,109,0.85;1977,110,3.8403;1977,142,1.9453;1977,107,1.8056;1977,105,3.1103;1977,103,1.6585;1977,104,1.1565;1977,128,4.7091;1977,450,4.945;1977,464,5.076;1977,277,5.3517;1977,101,2.3297;1977,98,2.044;1977,99,2.8341;1977,100,1.6929;1977,96,2.0142;1977,97,4.4212;1977,93,7.9412;1977,95,2.7694;1977,12,3.7729;1977,91,2.6437;1977,92,2.3535;1977,90,1.5917;1977,89,0.994;1977,87,1.4634;1977,195,3.2314;1977,81,2.3077;1977,82,1.8182;1977,295,1.8353;1977,127,6.7868;1977,465,2.5;1977,9,5.5847;1977,470,1.98;1977,475,4.0851;1977,79,1.1053;1977,141,2.1441;1977,234,4.0818;1977,78,2.6316;1977,76,3.7729;1978,15,2.0381;1978,16,3.7;1978,17,1.1192;1978,19,1;1978,21,3.2632;1978,22,3.3862;1978,23,5.3557;1978,25,3.3862;1978,28,1.9385;1978,30,3.3862;1978,31,2.4144;1978,32,0.8242;1978,33,2;1978,34,1.4146;1978,37,1.2974;1978,38,1.5917;1978,39,3.6781;1978,40,1.1349;1978,41,1.5;1978,42,1;1978,43,2.3986;1978,174,0.981;1978,436,3.0181;1978,477,2.6043;1978,172,3.2105;1978,173,0.414;1978,169,1.2381;1978,170,4.3246;1978,171,3.9809;1978,166,2.6116;1978,168,1;1978,143,1.1776;1978,164,3.0149;1978,167,0.7653;1978,160,3.4246;1978,462,1.6142;1978,201,2.7709;1978,467,4.2226;1978,473,3.2796;1978,65,5.405;1978,259,3.6565;1978,156,3.3862;1978,202,1.8251;1978,276,3.8608;1978,3,3.2558;1978,253,1.5227;1978,151,1.2358;1978,152,3.3862;1978,153,1.5789;1978,149,5.163;1978,150,0.878;1978,94,0.6667;1978,147,1.7068;1978,148,2.297;1978,139,1.7411;1978,145,2.1999;1978,146,2.6522;1978,138,0.9739;1978,144,1.8817;1978,135,3.9547;1978,136,2.8862;1978,137,1.9912;1978,134,3.1434;1978,8,4.9553;1978,14,6.1758;1978,132,2.0075;1978,129,5.6701;1978,131,3.3862;1978,126,3.3862;1978,122,3.3862;1978,125,1.2512;1978,121,1.2577;1978,119,3.3862;1978,116,2.5695;1978,117,1.9574;1978,118,1.6964;1978,115,1.4174;1978,114,1.9412;1978,213,5.4722;1978,111,3.3862;1978,113,3.3119;1978,109,0.6118;1978,110,2.4444;1978,142,2.1012;1978,107,1.8527;1978,105,3.0369;1978,103,1.7637;1978,104,1.2441;1978,128,4.5011;1978,450,5.0257;1978,464,5.261;1978,277,4.9786;1978,101,2.423;1978,98,1.8312;1978,99,2.8543;1978,100,1.6384;1978,96,2.0253;1978,97,4.0933;1978,93,7.9412;1978,95,4.0964;1978,12,3.3862;1978,91,2.508;1978,92,2.6682;1978,90,2.4214;1978,89,1.6073;1978,87,1.4588;1978,195,2.8757;1978,81,2.3077;1978,82,1.1633;1978,295,1.7008;1978,127,6.938;1978,465,2.5;1978,9,5.8754;1978,470,2.0121;1978,475,5.0373;1978,79,0.9524;1978,141,2.2521;1978,234,4.057;1978,78,2.6316;1978,76,3.3862;1978,77,2;1978,198,4.112;1978,64,1.5;1978,75,1.9552;1978,225,2;1978,73,2.8023;1978,74,1.0628;1978,69,3.3862;1978,70,4.5243;1978,67,3.3862;1978,68,1.0533;1978,270,3.3862;1978,13,5.0257;1978,62,3.3862;1978,63,3.8651;1978,84,1.7922;1978,238,3.019;1978,466,1.3874;1978,355,2.6843;1978,476,3.2558;1978,60,0.7697;1978,80,0.5771;1978,271,4.1317;1979,77,2;1979,198,4.2964;1979,64,1.0077;1979,75,1.8209;1979,225,2;1979,73,3.3623;1979,74,0.8001;1979,69,3.6574;1979,70,5;1979,67,3.6574;1979,68,1.25;1979,270,3.6574;1979,13,5.1548;1979,62,3.6574;1979,63,4.1322;1979,84,2.0716;1979,238,3.1192;1979,466,1.3404;1979,355,2.6591;1979,476,4.3478;1979,60,0.5974;1979,80,0.5833;1979,271,4.1134;1979,15,2.1311;1979,16,3.88;1979,17,2.5;1979,19,0.9286;1979,21,3.0469;1979,22,3.6574;1979,23,6.2792;1979,25,3.6574;1979,28,1.8809;1979,30,3.6574;1979,31,2.3883;1979,32,1.2561;1979,33,2;1979,34,1.479;1979,37,1.3931;1979,38,2.1759;1979,39,4.4712;1979,40,1.1731;1979,41,3;1979,42,0.6951;1979,43,2.1364;1979,174,0.9216;1979,436,2.9888;1979,477,2.7327;1979,172,3.8489;1979,173,0.514;1979,169,1.0833;1979,170,4.249;1979,171,4.2491;1979,166,2.7447;1979,168,1;1979,143,1.192;1979,164,2.8825;1979,167,0.8001;1979,160,3.4445;1979,462,1.5675;1979,201,2.8723;1979,467,4.4348;1979,473,3.5961;1979,65,5.7212;1979,259,3.9435;1979,156,3.6574;1979,202,1.9973;1979,276,4.2801;1979,3,4.3478;1979,253,1.2308;1979,151,1.7193;1979,152,3.6574;1979,153,2.375;1979,149,4.7145;1979,150,0.8857;1979,94,0.6667;1979,147,1.7071;1979,148,2.9543;1979,139,1.6558;1979,145,2.2613;1979,146,2.6665;1979,138,2.063;1979,144,1.5152;1979,135,3.2726;1979,136,2.9855;1979,137,1.6105;1979,134,2.6882;1979,8,6.0348;1979,14,5.9864;1979,132,2.0283;1979,129,4.3064;1979,131,3.6574;1979,126,3.6574;1979,122,3.6574;1979,125,1.2577;1979,121,1.2388;1979,119,3.6574;1979,116,2.8388;1979,117,0.9778;1979,118,1.7583;1979,115,0.99;1979,114,3.4831;1979,213,5.4286;1979,111,3.6574;1979,113,3.2652;1979,109,0.7778;1979,110,3.2203;1979,142,2.3521;1979,107,1.6424;1979,105,3.1881;1979,103,1.875;1979,104,1.2172;1979,128,4.6365;1979,450,5.1548;1979,464,5.5779;1979,277,5.8726;1979,101,2.371;1979,98,1.8902;1979,99,2.912;1979,100,1.7036;1979,96,2.1131;1979,97,4.2634;1979,93,8.7879;1979,95,4.1878;1979,12,3.6574;1979,91,2.7318;1979,92,2.6593;1979,90,1.9852;1979,89,1.2267;1979,87,1.25;1979,195,3.4114;1979,81,2.3077;1979,82,2.5833;1979,295,1.8142;1979,127,6.3905;1979,465,2.5;1979,9,6.2245;1979,470,1.7161;1979,475,5.7198;1979,79,0.8;1979,141,2.4282;1979,234,4.006;1979,78,2.6316;1979,76,3.6574;1980,15,2.1728;1980,16,3.25;1980,17,2.8571;1980,19,0.9167;1980,21,3.236;1980,22,3.8949;1980,23,5.2697;1980,25,3.8949;1980,28,2.0197;1980,30,3.8949;1980,31,2.629;1980,32,1.2174;1980,33,2;1980,34,1.4397;1980,37,1.5658;1980,38,1.3797;1980,39,4.0709;1980,40,1.0991;1980,41,2.3507;1980,42,1.1924;1980,43,2.3366;1980,174,0.9454;1980,436,3.2284;1980,477,3.0289;1980,172,2.3369;1980,173,1.17;1980,169,1.0833;1980,170,4.3074;1980,171,4.1435;1980,166,3.8438;1980,168,1.0096;1980,143,1.1667;1980,164,3.2428;1980,167,0.7999;1980,160,3.5509;1980,462,1.608;1980,201,3.0062;1980,467,4.2079;1980,473,3.7941;1980,65,5.8331;1980,259,3.6179;1980,156,3.8949;1980,202,1.9811;1980,276,4.2938;1980,3,3.8333;1980,253,0.8;1980,151,1.9677;1980,152,3.8949;1980,153,2.125;1980,149,4.5;1980,150,0.7879;1980,94,0.7;1980,147,1.7074;1980,148,3.3598;1980,139,1.8226;1980,145,2.3942;1980,146,2.9709;1980,138,1.5324;1980,144,2.1212;1980,135,2.8356;1980,136,3.2928;1980,137,2.0002;1980,134,3.0099;1980,8,5.4955;1980,14,5.1279;1980,132,2.6195;1980,129,3.94;1980,131,3.8949;1980,126,3.8949;1980,122,3.8949;1980,125,1.4386;1980,121,1.2335;1980,119,3.8949;1980,116,2.8524;1980,117,0.9048;1980,118,1.7589;1980,115,0.9725;1980,114,3.1981;1980,213,4.2973;1980,111,3.8949;1980,113,3.4937;1980,109,0.8333;1980,110,4.8712;1980,142,2.7739;1980,107,1.932;1980,105,3.4341;1980,103,1.9818;1980,104,1.4876;1980,128,4.0714;1980,450,4.9461;1980,464,5.6636;1980,277,4.9875;1980,101,2.4235;1980,98,1.7;1980,99,2.8444;1980,100,1.8354;1980,96,2.2105;1980,97,4.3034;1980,93,8.7879;1980,95,4.4613;1980,12,3.8949;1980,91,3.3134;1980,92,1.9545;1980,90,1.4667;1980,89,0.9625;1980,87,1.2512;1980,195,3.6847;1980,81,2.3077;1980,82,2.7288;1980,295,1.9028;1980,127,4.3076;1980,465,2.5;1980,9,6.3333;1980,470,2.0335;1980,475,5.4628;1980,79,0.6349;1980,141,2.5897;1980,234,3.9662;1980,78,2.6316;1980,76,3.8949;1980,77,4.5;1980,198,4.6537;1980,64,1.1878;1980,75,1.8878;1980,225,2;1980,73,3.3595;1980,74,0.7989;1980,69,3.8949;1980,70,4.5827;1980,67,3.8949;1980,68,1.5455;1980,270,3.8949;1980,13,4.9461;1980,62,3.8949;1980,63,4.2696;1980,84,2.0798;1980,238,3.0759;1980,466,1.4156;1980,355,2.7482;1980,476,3.8333;1980,60,0.4339;1980,80,0.5833;1980,271,4.9267;1981,77,5;1981,198,4.5044;1981,64,0.7143;1981,75,1.9521;1981,225,2;1981,73,3.3591;1981,74,0.8018;1981,69,3.6498;1981,70,4.5361;1981,67,3.6498;1981,68,1.25;1981,270,3.6498;1981,13,5.4015;1981,62,3.6498;1981,63,5.3058;1981,84,2.1966;1981,238,2.8005;1981,466,1.4846;1981,355,2.8272;1981,476,3.7925;1981,60,0.4985;1981,80,0.5974;1981,271,4.7782;1981,15,2.2414;1981,16,3.475;1981,17,2.8571;1981,19,0.9091;1981,21,3.5;1981,22,3.6498;1981,23,7.1698;1981,25,3.6498;1981,28,1.9545;1981,30,3.6498;1981,31,2.7266;1981,32,1.0408;1981,33,2.05;1981,34,1.5976;1981,37,1.3485;1981,38,1.3643;1981,39,4.4741;1981,40,1.1461;1981,41,2;1981,42,1.1314;1981,43,2.3618;1981,174,1.1231;1981,436,3.211;1981,477,3.1548;1981,172,3.1764;1981,173,1.095;1981,169,1.0833;1981,170,4.2772;1981,171,4.3315;1981,166,2.7809;1981,168,1.0519;1981,143,1.1471;1981,164,3.1917;1981,167,0.8161;1981,160,3.6035;1981,462,1.4857;1981,201,3.309;1981,467,4.4614;1981,473,3.6201;1981,65,5.5675;1981,259,3.6205;1981,156,3.6498;1981,202,2.0735;1981,276,4.1663;1981,3,3.7925;1981,253,1.0784;1981,151,1.4209;1981,152,3.6498;1981,153,2.4175;1981,149,5.4367;1981,150,0.8362;1981,94,0.8889;1981,147,1.7078;1981,148,2.1429;1981,139,1.7275;1981,145,2.316;1981,146,3.1364;1981,138,2.993;1981,144,1.5;1981,135,3.5366;1981,136,3.4934;1981,137,1.9623;1981,134,2.9761;1981,8,5.2868;1981,14,5.6295;1981,132,2.49;1981,129,3.9402;1981,131,3.6498;1981,126,3.6498;1981,122,3.6498;1981,125,1.5498;1981,121,1.281;1981,119,3.6498;1981,116,2.8409;1981,117,1.5762;1981,118,1.697;1981,115,1.1658;1981,114,4.2992;1981,213,5.2917;1981,111,3.6498;1981,113,4.0597;1981,109,0.8211;1981,110,3.7192;1981,142,2.9419;1981,107,1.9746;1981,105,3.9412;1981,103,2.0683;1981,104,1.8792;1981,128,4.5446;1981,450,5.4015;1981,464,5.4305;1981,277,6.6818;1981,101,2.6035;1981,98,1.9064;1981,99,2.6583;1981,100,1.9545;1981,96,2.2977;1981,97,4.7253;1981,93,9.8462;1981,95,4.4382;1981,12,3.6498;1981,91,3.4411;1981,92,2.385;1981,89,1.6748;1981,87,1.25;1981,195,3.4415;1981,81,2.3077;1981,82,3.4211;1981,295,1.7874;1981,127,5.841;1981,465,2.4;1981,9,6.4348;1981,470,2.0079;1981,475,5.4529;1981,79,1.1429;1981,141,2.6462;1981,234,3.9638;1981,78,2.5;1981,76,3.6498;1982,15,2.1994;1982,16,2.975;1982,17,2.8571;1982,19,0.9091;1982,21,3.8486;1982,22,3.5586;1982,23,6.748;1982,25,3.5586;1982,28,2.0145;1982,30,3.5586;1982,31,2.3752;1982,32,1.1296;1982,33,2.0172;1982,34,1.5961;1982,37,1.6158;1982,38,1.4825;1982,39,4.5545;1982,40,1.704;1982,41,2.5714;1982,42,1.2068;1982,43,2.7923;1982,174,1.0638;1982,436,3.5674;1982,477,2.6974;1982,172,3.5492;1982,173,0.5636;1982,169,1.0833;1982,170,4.2693;1982,171,4.8888;1982,166,1.8966;1982,168,1.0481;1982,143,1.2857;1982,164,3.4489;1982,167,0.8118;1982,160,4.339;1982,462,1.5171;1982,201,2.918;1982,467,4.9467;1982,473,3.5448;1982,65,5.6656;1982,259,3.1656;1982,156,3.5586;1982,202,2.125;1982,276,4.1514;1982,3,5.0185;1982,253,1.0112;1982,151,1.239;1982,152,3.5586;1982,153,2.25;1982,149,5.314;1982,150,0.5902;1982,94,0.7213;1982,147,1.7081;1982,148,2.8232;1982,139,1.4564;1982,145,2.268;1982,146,3.0781;1982,138,3.795;1982,144,1.5385;1982,135,3.3223;1982,136,3.7363;1982,137,1.8497;1982,134,2.8356;1982,8,5.7082;1982,14,5.6881;1982,132,2.6713;1982,129,3.9399;1982,131,3.5586;1982,126,3.5586;1982,122,3.5586;1982,125,1.4825;1982,121,1.3524;1982,119,3.5586;1982,116,2.7619;1982,117,1.6444;1982,118,1.658;1982,115,0.8404;1982,114,5;1982,213,3.3333;1982,111,3.5586;1982,113,3.289;1982,109,0.8421;1982,110,3.64;1982,142,3.1505;1982,107,1.4489;1982,105,4.1368;1982,103,2.0833;1982,104,2.0396;1982,128,3.1406;1982,450,5.2791;1982,464,5.5645;1982,277,6.3456;1982,101,2.6121;1982,98,2.0096;1982,99,2.7778;1982,100,1.8553;1982,96,2.6342;1982,97,4.564;1982,93,9.8462;1982,95,4.2572;1982,12,3.5586;1982,91,3.4934;1982,92,2.1762;1982,89,1.7669;1982,87,1.3088;1982,195,3.3024;1982,81,2.3077;1982,82,3.1667;1982,295,2.0379;1982,127,6.151;1982,465,2.5591;1982,9,5.9453;1982,470,1.9299;1982,475,5.5197;1982,79,0.5;1982,141,2.8896;1982,234,4.1495;1982,78,3.2087;1982,76,3.5586;1982,77,5;1982,198,4.7641;1982,64,1.0667;1982,75,1.888;1982,225,2;1982,73,3.3584;1982,74,0.5741;1982,69,3.5586;1982,70,4.5249;1982,67,3.5586;1982,68,1.2667;1982,270,3.5586;1982,13,5.2791;1982,62,3.5586;1982,63,6.0315;1982,84,2.5194;1982,238,2.6756;1982,466,1.482;1982,355,2.9804;1982,476,5.0185;1982,60,0.8905;1982,80,0.2608;1982,271,4.8154;1983,77,5;1983,198,4.8706;1983,64,1.5583;1983,75,2.0351;1983,225,2;1983,73,3.3574;1983,74,0.4624;1983,69,3.7321;1983,70,4.5;1983,67,3.7321;1983,68,1.2941;1983,270,3.7321;1983,13,5.1532;1983,62,3.7321;1983,63,4.6057;1983,84,2.6272;1983,238,2.7339;1983,466,1.4562;1983,355,3.1367;1983,476,5.4286;1983,60,1.3731;1983,80,0.328;1983,271,4.3687;1983,15,2.2581;1983,16,3.6111;1983,17,2.6667;1983,19,0.8889;1983,21,3.6602;1983,22,3.7321;1983,23,6.7532;1983,25,3.7321;1983,28,2.2345;1983,30,3.7321;1983,31,2.5857;1983,32,0.7172;1983,33,2;1983,34,1.4167;1983,37,1.5155;1983,38,1.5797;1983,39,4.7625;1983,40,1.8568;1983,41,2.5714;1983,42,1.2649;1983,43,5.0942;1983,174,1.3043;1983,436,3.7676;1983,477,2.9689;1983,172,3.7976;1983,173,0.4712;1983,169,1.0833;1983,170,4.2622;1983,171,5.0918;1983,166,3.372;1983,168,1.0238;1983,143,0.9474;1983,164,3.4718;1983,167,0.8527;1983,160,4.7671;1983,462,1.7087;1983,201,2.8835;1983,467,5.1317;1983,473,3.7271;1983,65,5.773;1983,259,3.4353;1983,156,3.7321;1983,202,1.8108;1983,276,4.2023;1983,3,5.4286;1983,253,2.5658;1983,151,1.7635;1983,152,3.7321;1983,153,2;1983,149,5.7533;1983,150,1;1983,94,0.7083;1983,147,1.7084;1983,148,3.7127;1983,139,2.1255;1983,145,2.4788;1983,146,3.249;1983,138,3.745;1983,144,1.3333;1983,135,2.8305;1983,136,3.853;1983,137,2.1833;1983,134,2.2597;1983,8,5.5956;1983,14,5.7008;1983,132,3.9021;1983,129,3.94;1983,131,3.7321;1983,126,3.7321;1983,122,3.7321;1983,125,1.5851;1983,121,1.2303;1983,119,3.7321;1983,116,2.6041;1983,117,1.2777;1983,118,1.8057;1983,115,1.1495;1983,114,5.3659;1983,213,6.0417;1983,111,3.7321;1983,113,3.158;1983,109,0.82;1983,110,2.3412;1983,142,3.0666;1983,107,2.0664;1983,105,3.8907;1983,103,2.0317;1983,104,2.018;1983,128,3.2;1983,450,5.1532;1983,464,5.728;1983,277,6.15;1983,101,2.5065;1983,98,2.1428;1983,99,2.3077;1983,100,2.0386;1983,96,2.3227;1983,97,4.1944;1983,93,9.9413;1983,95,4.1181;1983,12,3.7321;1983,91,2.8612;1983,92,3.0109;1983,89,2.0871;1983,87,1.2438;1983,195,3.6934;1983,81,2.3077;1983,82,3.9;1983,295,1.9526;1983,127,6.1926;1983,465,2.6111;1983,9,5.4902;1983,470,2.2203;1983,475,5.3814;1983,79,0.9921;1983,141,3.1977;1983,234,3.6535;1983,78,3.4706;1983,76,3.7321;1984,15,2.2416;1984,16,3.5;1984,17,2.6667;1984,19,0.8889;1984,21,3.7419;1984,22,3.6915;1984,23,5.326;1984,25,3.6915;1984,28,2.1454;1984,30,3.6915;1984,31,2.2508;1984,32,1.204;1984,33,2.156;1984,34,1.4381;1984,37,1.6869;1984,38,1.5571;1984,39,3.8198;1984,40,1.9486;1984,41,3;1984,42,1.2883;1984,43,3.3044;1984,174,1.6602;1984,436,3.5672;1984,477,3.0845;1984,172,4.1377;1984,173,0.3862;1984,169,1.0154;1984,170,4.6235;1984,171,5.3634;1984,166,3.0793;1984,168,1.065;1984,143,1.2506;1984,164,3.4543;1984,167,0.8752;1984,160,4.3366;1984,462,1.6797;1984,201,3.1433;1984,467,5.4302;1984,473,3.6568;1984,65,5.4058;1984,259,4.1316;1984,156,3.6915;1984,202,2.1304;1984,276,4.2099;1984,3,3.8696;1984,253,3.2089;1984,151,2.566;1984,152,3.6915;1984,153,2.7699;1984,149,6.3333;1984,150,0.942;1984,94,1.05;1984,147,1.7087;1984,148,2.7729;1984,139,2.7225;1984,145,2.2581;1984,146,3.1;1984,138,2.4768;1984,144,2.1818;1984,135,3.3608;1984,136,3.906;1984,137,2.1272;1984,134,2.7765;1984,8,5.5925;1984,14,6.4138;1984,132,3.4275;1984,129,4.0486;1984,131,3.6915;1984,126,3.6915;1984,122,3.6915;1984,125,2.0166;1984,121,1.2867;1984,119,3.6915;1984,116,2.5187;1984,117,1.5917;1984,118,1.8213;1984,115,0.662;1984,114,4.3927;1984,213,5.6122;1984,111,3.6915;1984,113,3.8693;1984,109,0.84;1984,110,2.5222;1984,142,3.0981;1984,107,1.9678;1984,105,3.3642;1984,103,2;1984,104,2.5233;1984,128,3.4;1984,450,5.5523;1984,464,5.3681;1984,277,5.0202;1984,101,2.4883;1984,98,2.1836;1984,99,2.2222;1984,100,1.8766;1984,96,2.43;1984,97,4.8426;1984,93,8.055;1984,95,4.483;1984,12,3.6915;1984,91,2.9549;1984,92,3.3333;1984,89,2.0552;1984,87,1.5809;1984,195,2.9178;1984,81,2.3077;1984,82,3.2308;1984,295,2.1359;1984,127,6.4754;1984,465,3.4947;1984,9,6.0329;1984,470,2.1589;1984,475,5.5542;1984,79,0.9524;1984,141,2.7316;1984,234,4.0387;1984,78,8.7254;1984,76,3.6915;1984,77,5;1984,198,4.8419;1984,64,1.3104;1984,75,2.067;1984,225,2.0069;1984,73,2.2395;1984,74,0.8417;1984,69,3.6915;1984,70,4.3786;1984,67,3.6915;1984,68,1.1765;1984,270,3.6915;1984,13,5.5523;1984,62,3.6915;1984,63,4.3133;1984,84,2.7323;1984,238,2.6998;1984,466,1.55;1984,355,3.2261;1984,476,3.8696;1984,60,1.0608;1984,80,1.438;1984,271,3.9977;1985,77,5;1985,198,4.8784;1985,64,1.8081;1985,75,2.0608;1985,225,2;1985,73,2.0831;1985,74,0.6998;1985,69,3.5757;1985,70,4.5166;1985,67,3.5757;1985,68,1.3571;1985,270,3.5757;1985,13,6.0704;1985,62,3.5757;1985,63,4.9535;1985,84,2.7761;1985,238,2.6095;1985,466,1.5887;1985,355,3.257;1985,476,5.4964;1985,60,1.0497;1985,80,1.43;1985,271,3.9977;1985,15,2.2482;1985,16,4;1985,17,2.6667;1985,19,0.8333;1985,21,3.6782;1985,22,3.5757;1985,23,7.0936;1985,25,3.5757;1985,28,2.1693;1985,30,3.5757;1985,31,2.2749;1985,32,1.2783;1985,33,1.9375;1985,34,1.5352;1985,37,1.898;1985,38,1.2394;1985,39,4.2464;1985,40,1.8144;1985,41,4.415;1985,42,1.2497;1985,43,4.7375;1985,174,1.6839;1985,436,3.5223;1985,477,3.2132;1985,172,4.0667;1985,173,0.5287;1985,169,1.0156;1985,170,4.6994;1985,171,5.2498;1985,166,3.0352;1985,168,1.0222;1985,143,1.2;1985,164,3.2935;1985,167,0.802;1985,160,4.4764;1985,462,1.7736;1985,201,2.6508;1985,467,5.3141;1985,473,3.588;1985,65,5.9478;1985,259,3.9844;1985,156,3.5757;1985,202,2.3663;1985,276,4.3019;1985,3,5.4964;1985,253,3.8023;1985,151,1.9091;1985,152,3.5757;1985,153,1.7241;1985,149,6.1549;1985,150,1.1765;1985,94,1.75;1985,147,1.709;1985,148,2.6374;1985,139,2.5983;1985,145,2.349;1985,146,3.2935;1985,138,3.3871;1985,144,2.5;1985,135,3.7111;1985,136,3.9418;1985,137,2.3292;1985,134,2.8348;1985,8,6.052;1985,14,6.2246;1985,132,3.0364;1985,129,2.67;1985,131,3.5757;1985,126,3.5757;1985,122,3.5757;1985,125,2.1028;1985,121,1.2525;1985,119,3.5757;1985,116,2.6648;1985,117,1.6468;1985,118,1.84;1985,115,1.1569;1985,114,5;1985,213,4.5;1985,111,3.5757;1985,113,3.7305;1985,109,0.86;1985,110,2.8833;1985,142,3.0718;1985,107,2.0161;1985,105,3.5284;1985,103,2.1343;1985,104,2.7524;1985,128,3.276;1985,450,6.0704;1985,464,5.9168;1985,277,6.6044;1985,101,2.3499;1985,98,2.4925;1985,99,2;1985,100,2.0648;1985,96,2.5879;1985,97,4.5575;1985,93,3.0212;1985,95,4.8355;1985,12,3.5757;1985,91,1.6;1985,92,3.6436;1985,89,1.881;1985,87,1.2652;1985,195,2.7438;1985,81,2.3077;1985,82,4.0769;1985,295,2.3151;1985,127,6.3514;1985,465,3.5294;1985,9,6.198;1985,470,2.3154;1985,475,5.8986;1985,79,1.0556;1985,141,3.0777;1985,234,3.995;1985,78,7.5;1985,76,3.5757;1986,15,2.24;1986,16,3.6667;1986,17,2.6957;1986,19,0.8333;1986,21,3.8849;1986,22,3.8747;1986,23,6.475;1986,25,3.8747;1986,28,2.1783;1986,30,3.8747;1986,31,2.8784;1986,32,1.2119;1986,33,1.8;1986,34,1.4833;1986,37,1.861;1986,38,2.1359;1986,39,4.7064;1986,40,1.6802;1986,41,3.0837;1986,42,1.377;1986,43,4.5;1986,174,1.0693;1986,436,3.5802;1986,477,3.0225;1986,172,3.9559;1986,173,0.8083;1986,169,1.0156;1986,170,4.6774;1986,171,5.3272;1986,166,3.0638;1986,168,1.365;1986,143,1.1002;1986,164,3.3442;1986,167,0.802;1986,160,4.6592;1986,462,1.8378;1986,201,2.5275;1986,467,5.3956;1986,473,3.8712;1986,65,5.7747;1986,259,3.8985;1986,156,3.8747;1986,202,2.1215;1986,276,4.5331;1986,3,5.1299;1986,253,3.3602;1986,151,1.6071;1986,152,3.8747;1986,153,2.5724;1986,149,6.7222;1986,150,0.9146;1986,94,2;1986,147,1.7094;1986,148,3.3402;1986,139,2.4971;1986,145,2.4566;1986,146,3.2825;1986,138,3.993;1986,144,2.2;1986,135,3.7873;1986,136,3.9773;1986,137,2.2052;1986,134,2.8127;1986,8,5.9344;1986,14,6.3218;1986,132,3.1802;1986,129,3.1491;1986,131,3.8747;1986,126,3.8747;1986,122,3.8747;1986,125,2.2588;1986,121,1.2355;1986,119,3.8747;1986,116,2.6399;1986,117,1.6354;1986,118,1.878;1986,115,1.1812;1986,114,5;1986,213,5.4688;1986,111,3.8747;1986,113,3.4595;1986,109,0.93;1986,110,4.5511;1986,142,3.0279;1986,107,1.779;1986,105,3.053;1986,103,2.0233;1986,104,2.7283;1986,128,3.7008;1986,450,6.334;1986,464,5.7421;1986,277,5.9728;1986,101,2.532;1986,98,2.0066;1986,99,1.8182;1986,100,2.0925;1986,96,2.7173;1986,97,4.5045;1986,93,3.2582;1986,95,4.463;1986,12,3.8747;1986,91,2.3444;1986,92,3.5324;1986,89,1.9977;1986,87,1.5447;1986,195,2.7601;1986,81,2.3077;1986,82,3.7188;1986,295,2.2029;1986,127,6.3688;1986,465,3.5294;1986,9,6.3245;1986,470,2.2281;1986,475,5.8802;1986,79,1.0667;1986,141,3.0944;1986,234,3.9921;1986,78,7.5;1986,76,3.8747;1986,77,5;1986,198,4.6966;1986,64,2.0006;1986,75,2.0522;1986,225,2;1986,73,2.1768;1986,74,1.1508;1986,69,3.8747;1986,70,5;1986,67,3.8747;1986,68,1.1053;1986,270,3.8747;1986,13,6.334;1986,62,3.8747;1986,63,4.7842;1986,84,2.806;1986,238,2.59;1986,466,1.5778;1986,355,3.2441;1986,476,5.1299;1986,60,1.0772;1986,80,2.91;1986,271,5.1073;1987,77,5;1987,198,4.7907;1987,64,1.8355;1987,75,2.0147;1987,225,2.1305;1987,73,2.4478;1987,74,1.4963;1987,69,3.6956;1987,70,5.1887;1987,67,3.6956;1987,68,1.25;1987,270,3.6956;1987,13,6.2271;1987,62,3.6956;1987,63,4.2253;1987,84,2.6954;1987,238,2.735;1987,466,1.684;1987,355,3.2651;1987,476,4.9782;1987,60,0.9486;1987,80,2.8744;1987,271,5.0749;1987,15,2;1987,16,3.2121;1987,17,2.7083;1987,19,0.6667;1987,21,3.9185;1987,22,3.6956;1987,23,5.7247;1987,25,3.6956;1987,28,2.2399;1987,30,3.6956;1987,31,2.5517;1987,32,1.1704;1987,33,1.7568;1987,34,1.7574;1987,37,1.7375;1987,38,1.063;1987,39,3.7475;1987,40,1.1516;1987,41,2.3333;1987,42,1.3248;1987,43,4.34;1987,174,1.1583;1987,436,3.4424;1987,477,3.1628;1987,172,3.9451;1987,173,0.9131;1987,169,1.0156;1987,170,5.3501;1987,171,5.4035;1987,166,3.0281;1987,168,1.1764;1987,143,1.1328;1987,164,3.0401;1987,167,0.803;1987,160,4.4775;1987,462,1.8699;1987,201,2.8299;1987,467,5.436;1987,473,3.616;1987,65,5.8265;1987,259,3.5987;1987,156,3.6956;1987,202,1.9201;1987,276,4.271;1987,3,4.9782;1987,253,4.0898;1987,151,1.2825;1987,152,3.6956;1987,153,2.09;1987,149,6.85;1987,150,1.1208;1987,94,2.1;1987,147,1.7097;1987,148,2.5283;1987,139,2.8557;1987,145,2.4166;1987,146,3.2515;1987,138,3.0073;1987,144,1.25;1987,135,3.422;1987,136,4.0391;1987,137,2.1991;1987,134,2.7986;1987,8,5.6128;1987,14,6.1901;1987,132,2.0668;1987,129,3.1034;1987,131,3.6956;1987,126,3.6956;1987,122,3.6956;1987,125,2.2272;1987,121,1.2623;1987,119,3.6956;1987,116,2.4686;1987,117,1.4905;1987,118,1.9836;1987,115,1.4506;1987,114,4.6856;1987,213,2.8571;1987,111,3.6956;1987,113,3.8175;1987,109,0.8571;1987,110,5.5;1987,142,3.0424;1987,107,2.095;1987,105,3.2883;1987,103,2.3893;1987,104,2.4498;1987,128,3.4403;1987,450,6.2271;1987,464,5.8024;1987,277,5.2808;1987,101,2.4765;1987,98,2.5731;1987,99,1.8182;1987,100,2.1712;1987,96,2.6229;1987,97,5.0927;1987,93,3.0262;1987,95,4.3215;1987,12,3.6956;1987,91,2.109;1987,92,2.5839;1987,89,1.8265;1987,87,1.303;1987,81,2.3077;1987,82,3.3333;1987,295,2.1727;1987,127,6.0173;1987,465,3.5294;1987,9,6.3284;1987,470,2.2371;1987,475,5.6849;1987,79,1;1987,141,3.1318;1987,234,3.817;1987,78,7.5;1987,76,3.6956;1988,15,1.9056;1988,16,2.7594;1988,17,2.7925;1988,19,0.6667;1988,21,4.181;1988,22,3.8703;1988,23,7.2201;1988,25,3.8703;1988,28,2.2805;1988,30,3.8703;1988,31,2.7755;1988,32,1.3635;1988,33,1.6574;1988,34,1.782;1988,37,1.9806;1988,38,2.1685;1988,39,3.2269;1988,40,1.7868;1988,41,3.5;1988,42,1.3699;1988,43,4.6591;1988,174,1.4721;1988,436,3.3672;1988,477,3.115;1988,172,4.171;1988,173,2.3363;1988,169,1.0156;1988,170,4.564;1988,171,5.2819;1988,166,3.5211;1988,168,1.1258;1988,143,1.2004;1988,164,3.2273;1988,167,0.803;1988,160,4.2093;1988,462,1.8351;1988,201,3.3187;1988,467,5.3258;1988,473,3.7762;1988,65,6.0637;1988,259,4.153;1988,156,3.8703;1988,202,2.3989;1988,276,4.343;1988,3,5.2243;1988,253,3.9424;1988,151,1.5351;1988,152,3.8703;1988,153,1.9958;1988,149,5.6818;1988,150,1.834;1988,94,2.0145;1988,147,1.71;1988,148,2.8947;1988,139,2.3595;1988,145,2.2316;1988,146,3.0731;1988,138,3.6236;1988,144,3;1988,135,3.0356;1988,136,4.1108;1988,137,2.5486;1988,134,2.7855;1988,8,5.5098;1988,14,5.8858;1988,132,4.3492;1988,129,3.5714;1988,131,3.8703;1988,126,3.8703;1988,122,3.8703;1988,125,1.9118;1988,121,1.2766;1988,119,3.8703;1988,116,2.5251;1988,117,1.4265;1988,118,1.9343;1988,115,1.2445;1988,114,4.1659;1988,213,4;1988,111,3.8703;1988,113,3.6042;1988,109,0.8857;1988,110,4.4507;1988,142,2.9084;1988,107,2.2635;1988,105,2.9005;1988,103,1.999;1988,104,3.0057;1988,128,3.3008;1988,450,6.1801;1988,464,6.0085;1988,277,6.6591;1988,101,2.3511;1988,98,2.4369;1988,99,1.8182;1988,100,2.182;1988,96,2.6442;1988,97,5.1505;1988,93,3.0189;1988,95,4.2665;1988,12,3.8703;1988,91,2.1051;1988,92,2.6857;1988,230,2.8;1988,89,1.8577;1988,87,1.2713;1988,81,2.3077;1988,82,2.4;1988,295,2.3709;1988,127,6.555;1988,465,3.5294;1988,9,6.3404;1988,470,2.4947;1988,475,5.5315;1988,79,1;1988,141,3.0367;1988,234,3.8154;1988,78,7.5;1988,76,3.8703;1988,77,5;1988,198,4.9503;1988,64,1.7837;1988,75,2.1465;1988,225,2.1562;1988,73,2.6711;1988,74,1.1382;1988,69,3.8703;1988,70,5.1497;1988,67,3.8703;1988,68,1.3529;1988,270,3.8703;1988,13,6.1801;1988,62,3.8703;1988,63,4.7077;1988,84,2.9613;1988,238,2.8352;1988,466,1.621;1988,355,3.3296;1988,476,5.2243;1988,60,0.9158;1988,80,2.6;1988,271,4.1116;1989,77,5;1989,198,4.9537;1989,64,1.8646;1989,75,2.0853;1989,225,2.5873;1989,73,2.5017;1989,74,1.3931;1989,69,3.4329;1989,70,5;1989,67,3.4329;1989,68,1.4063;1989,270,3.4329;1989,13,6.4466;1989,62,3.4329;1989,63,5.6445;1989,84,3.2136;1989,238,4.4507;1989,466,1.6839;1989,355,3.4541;1989,476,6.0368;1989,60,0.9159;1989,80,2.6847;1989,271,4.537;1989,15,1.8824;1989,16,3.1296;1989,17,2.7925;1989,19,0.75;1989,21,4.6711;1989,22,3.4329;1989,23,8.299;1989,25,3.4329;1989,28,2.5562;1989,30,3.4329;1989,31,1.2117;1989,32,1.3752;1989,33,1.6538;1989,34,2.1586;1989,37,2.0993;1989,38,2.2286;1989,39,3.1315;1989,40,2.0541;1989,41,3.3333;1989,42,1.4358;1989,43,5.4668;1989,174,1.5485;1989,436,3.445;1989,477,3.0916;1989,172,4.3077;1989,173,2.7888;1989,169,1.1538;1989,170,4.0748;1989,171,5.5005;1989,166,3.6313;1989,168,1.1062;1989,143,1.2;1989,164,3.2038;1989,167,0.805;1989,160,4.535;1989,462,1.9514;1989,201,3.1247;1989,467,5.5345;1989,473,3.2744;1989,65,6.4825;1989,259,4.1069;1989,156,3.4329;1989,202,2.4209;1989,276,4.0811;1989,3,6.0368;1989,253,4.083;1989,151,1.5111;1989,152,3.4329;1989,153,2;1989,149,6.5964;1989,150,1.0293;1989,94,2.0176;1989,147,1.7103;1989,148,2.9693;1989,139,2.7542;1989,145,2.2125;1989,146,3.4014;1989,138,2.3713;1989,144,3;1989,135,3.5723;1989,136,4.247;1989,137,2.616;1989,134,3.1863;1989,8,6.0461;1989,14,6.1679;1989,132,3.3506;1989,129,3.9859;1989,131,3.4329;1989,126,3.4329;1989,122,3.4329;1989,125,2.3552;1989,121,1.1661;1989,119,3.4329;1989,116,2.6251;1989,117,1.7866;1989,118,2.0768;1989,115,1.4626;1989,114,4.0342;1989,213,4;1989,111,3.4329;1989,113,3.4803;1989,109,0.8636;1989,110,6.3;1989,142,2.9174;1989,107,2.3657;1989,105,2.6374;1989,103,1.9994;1989,104,3.4147;1989,128,3.4;1989,450,6.4466;1989,464,6.4709;1989,277,7.5761;1989,101,2.2925;1989,98,2.6996;1989,99,1.875;1989,100,2.3565;1989,96,2.7046;1989,97,5.1166;1989,93,3.2;1989,95,4.2899;1989,12,3.4329;1989,91,2.6231;1989,92,1.4239;1989,230,2.4;1989,89,2.1206;1989,87,1.2842;1989,81,2.3077;1989,82,3.0308;1989,295,2.5511;1989,127,6.4456;1989,465,3.5294;1989,9,5.841;1989,470,2.5976;1989,475,5.8009;1989,79,1;1989,141,2.9916;1989,234,3.7345;1989,78,7.5;1989,76,3.4329;1990,15,1.9029;1990,16,2.3333;1990,17,2.8;1990,19,0.9512;1990,21,3.6709;1990,22,3.5283;1990,23,8.8;1990,25,3.5283;1990,28,2.5661;1990,30,3.5283;1990,31,1.4419;1990,32,1.3961;1990,33,2.0976;1990,34,1.9314;1990,37,1.8803;1990,38,1.55;1990,39,2.3785;1990,40,2.0783;1990,41,3.3333;1990,42,1.3477;1990,43,4.9999;1990,174,1.6729;1990,436,3.369;1990,477,3.1729;1990,172,4.1734;1990,173,1.7916;1990,169,1.1407;1990,170,4.0618;1990,171,5.7166;1990,166,4.2823;1990,168,0.8494;1990,143,1.201;1990,164,3.058;1990,167,0.8052;1990,160,4.7851;1990,462,1.9487;1990,201,3.1218;1990,467,5.7232;1990,473,3.3974;1990,65,7.2663;1990,259,4.3271;1990,156,3.5283;1990,202,2.186;1990,276,4.2982;1990,3,5.9461;1990,253,4.2416;1990,151,1.4671;1990,152,3.5283;1990,153,2;1990,149,6;1990,150,1.651;1990,94,2.0518;1990,147,1.7106;1990,148,3.1111;1990,139,2.5026;1990,145,2.1122;1990,146,3.0331;1990,138,3.352;1990,144,2;1990,135,3.7787;1990,136,4.3018;1990,137,2.6125;1990,134,2.8889;1990,8,6.0278;1990,14,6.3279;1990,132,2.3656;1990,129,3.0984;1990,131,3.5283;1990,126,3.5283;1990,122,3.5283;1990,125,2.2935;1990,121,1.0286;1990,119,3.5283;1990,116,2.7694;1990,117,1.4903;1990,118,2.0773;1990,115,1.436;1990,114,3.3307;1990,213,6.3333;1990,111,3.5283;1990,113,3.7418;1990,109,0.8747;1990,110,4.175;1990,142,2.9353;1990,107,2.4067;1990,105,2.6326;1990,103,2.0695;1990,104,3.1432;1990,128,3;1990,450,6.1975;1990,464,7.244;1990,277,8.0828;1990,101,2.3151;1990,98,2.5206;1990,99,1.8235;1990,100,2.26;1990,96,2.9786;1990,97,5.229;1990,95,4.6142;1990,12,3.5283;1990,91,1.3652;1990,92,1.6667;1990,230,2.75;1990,89,2.4825;1990,87,1.283;1990,195,3.5714;1990,81,1.8976;1990,82,3;1990,295,2.4332;1990,127,6.2057;1990,465,3.5879;1990,9,6.3209;1990,470,2.6028;1990,475,5.8675;1990,79,1.25;1990,141,3.0643;1990,234,3.7691;1990,78,9.1492;1990,76,3.5283;1990,77,5.5714;1990,198,5.0272;1990,64,1.9246;1990,75,1.9556;1990,225,2.6361;1990,73,3.1397;1990,74,1.3098;1990,69,3.5283;1990,70,4.9625;1990,67,3.5283;1990,68,1.3846;1990,270,3.5283;1990,13,6.1975;1990,62,3.5283;1990,63,4.4474;1990,84,3.1815;1990,238,4.3135;1990,466,1.6884;1990,355,3.5286;1990,476,5.9461;1990,60,0.9664;1990,80,2.34;1990,271,3.1065;1991,77,7.4118;1991,198,5.3909;1991,64,1.6941;1991,75,2.2534;1991,225,2.6237;1991,73,3.0769;1991,74,1.5665;1991,69,3.3136;1991,70,4.9505;1991,67,3.3136;1991,68,1.3556;1991,270,3.3136;1991,13,6.4244;1991,62,3.3136;1991,63,4.7767;1991,84,3.1133;1991,238,4.3808;1991,466,1.6783;1991,355,3.5348;1991,476,5.3474;1991,60,1.0857;1991,80,2.25;1991,271,4.3144;1991,15,1.9364;1991,16,2.8538;1991,17,2.6786;1991,19,1;1991,21,4.0294;1991,22,3.3136;1991,23,8.8427;1991,25,3.3136;1991,28,2.6592;1991,30,3.3136;1991,31,0.8516;1991,32,1.3423;1991,33,1.2712;1991,34,2.1017;1991,37,2.302;1991,38,1.6;1991,39,2.5397;1991,40,2.1444;1991,41,3.0923;1991,42,1.3962;1991,43,3.64;1991,174,1.3375;1991,436,3.3275;1991,477,3.25;1991,172,3.9366;1991,173,2.4287;1991,169,1.1852;1991,170,3.9959;1991,171,5.6238;1991,166,4.4019;1991,168,0.7989;1991,143,1.0512;1991,164,2.8105;1991,167,0.8039;1991,160,5.0619;1991,462,1.8756;1991,201,2.9876;1991,467,5.6724;1991,473,3.2279;1991,65,7.4554;1991,259,3.7669;1991,156,3.3136;1991,202,2.3537;1991,276,4.2178;1991,3,5.3474;1991,253,4.2722;1991,151,1.5265;1991,152,3.3136;1991,153,1.9967;1991,149,5.4938;1991,150,1.5901;1991,94,2.0064;1991,147,1.711;1991,148,2.8745;1991,139,2.5924;1991,145,2;1991,146,3.2097;1991,138,2.3696;1991,135,4.0469;1991,136,4.3465;1991,137,2.6271;1991,134,2.2008;1991,8,6.0274;1991,14,5.859;1991,132,2.7019;1991,129,3.8846;1991,131,3.3136;1991,126,3.3136;1991,122,3.3136;1991,125,2.1977;1991,121,0.9091;1991,119,3.3136;1991,116,2.8178;1991,117,1.9237;1991,118,2.0546;1991,115,1.7274;1991,114,2.8127;1991,213,5;1991,111,3.3136;1991,113,4.0954;1991,109,0.529;1991,110,3.8406;1991,142,2.8862;1991,107,2.2826;1991,105,3.2527;1991,103,1.9528;1991,104,3.5605;1991,128,7.0068;1991,450,6.4244;1991,464,7.3902;1991,277,8.0092;1991,101,2.3199;1991,98,2.6024;1991,99,1.7717;1991,100,2.1601;1991,96,2.8243;1991,97,5.1416;1991,95,5.094;1991,12,3.3136;1991,91,2.4118;1991,92,1.4537;1991,89,2.3497;1991,87,1.3505;1991,195,4.3118;1991,81,2.2049;1991,82,2.5;1991,295,2.71;1991,127,6.0346;1991,465,3.3919;1991,9,6.2082;1991,470,2.6298;1991,475,5.9146;1991,79,1.375;1991,141,3.0215;1991,234,3.8156;1991,78,7.5;1991,76,3.3136;1992,15,1.7143;1992,16,4;1992,17,2.4758;1992,19,0.9218;1992,21,5.2075;1992,23,8.8346;1992,25,0.6;1992,28,2.6893;1992,31,1.5052;1992,32,1.3344;1992,33,1.3472;1992,34,1.8341;1992,37,2.1349;1992,38,1.2333;1992,39,3.2042;1992,40,1.8831;1992,41,3.1077;1992,42,1.3178;1992,43,3.5;1992,174,1.4516;1992,436,3.1465;1992,477,3.2772;1992,172,4.2044;1992,173,2.0265;1992,469,3.2241;1992,169,1.1786;1992,170,4.096;1992,171,5.7959;1992,166,3.8418;1992,168,0.792;1992,143,1.0169;1992,164,2.1902;1992,167,0.725;1992,160,5.1306;1992,462,1.8021;1992,201,3.3254;1992,467,5.8682;1992,473,2.8969;1992,65,7.6511;1992,259,4.3561;1992,202,2.153;1992,276,4.5549;1992,3,5.2689;1992,253,3.2952;1992,151,1.7298;1992,153,2.0065;1992,149,7.3611;1992,150,1.6499;1992,94,1.9011;1992,147,1.7113;1992,148,2.6021;1992,139,2.6931;1992,145,2.1586;1992,146,3.4979;1992,138,3.0702;1992,135,3.9597;1992,136,4.3446;1992,137,2.6092;1992,134,1.8947;1992,8,5.8758;1992,14,6.2754;1992,132,2.3981;1992,129,3.5362;1992,131,3.9915;1992,126,1.4737;1992,125,2.6555;1992,121,0.9167;1992,66,5.0441;1992,116,2.9918;1992,117,1.3046;1992,118,2.0869;1992,115,1.7583;1992,114,3.987;1992,213,5;1992,113,4.3577;1992,109,0.2988;1992,110,3.0694;1992,142,2.9351;1992,107,2.0481;1992,105,2.9255;1992,103,1.9591;1992,104,2.496;1992,128,7.6014;1992,450,6.4292;1992,464,7.5652;1992,277,8.2929;1992,101,2.3686;1992,98,2.5868;1992,99,1.7873;1992,100,2.1983;1992,96,2.9388;1992,97,4.9812;1992,95,5.1948;1992,12,2.8407;1992,91,2.403;1992,92,2.372;1992,89,2.4065;1992,87,1.3505;1992,195,4.2833;1992,81,2.2218;1992,82,2.6662;1992,295,2.6045;1992,127,6.2722;1992,465,2.9243;1992,9,6.4481;1992,470,2.6193;1992,475,6.016;1992,79,0.9231;1992,141,3.0544;1992,234,3.7975;1992,78,6.1052;1992,76,2.0184;1992,77,7.4211;1992,198,5.2118;1992,64,1.2794;1992,75,2.1744;1992,225,2.7169;1992,73,3.6703;1992,74,1.8509;1992,69,2.2794;1992,70,5.0026;1992,67,3.7722;1992,68,1.36;1992,13,6.4292;1992,62,2.9607;1992,63,4.7557;1992,84,3.3342;1992,238,3.8432;1992,466,1.6752;1992,355,3.5859;1992,476,5.2689;1992,60,0.5764;1992,80,2.2222;1993,77,7.6;1993,198,5.7119;1993,64,1.8123;1993,75,2.2495;1993,225,2.7453;1993,73,3.2408;1993,74,1.1975;1993,69,2.2746;1993,70,5.0176;1993,67,2.9565;1993,68,1.3962;1993,13,6.1762;1993,62,3.0138;1993,63,5.1717;1993,84,3.4815;1993,238,3.793;1993,466,1.7536;1993,355,3.6288;1993,476,4.9689;1993,60,1.0138;1993,80,2.5;1993,15,1.7143;1993,16,4.1786;1993,17,2.3121;1993,19,0.8;1993,21,4.3559;1993,23,7.64;1993,25,1.1;1993,28,2.7185;1993,31,1.9616;1993,32,1.3177;1993,33,1.4656;1993,34,1.7774;1993,37,2.2912;1993,38,2.2571;1993,39,3.4761;1993,40,2.163;1993,41,3.1162;1993,42,1.3069;1993,43,2.9;1993,174,1.4514;1993,436,3.0694;1993,477,3.4362;1993,172,4.4921;1993,173,0.5586;1993,469,3.0873;1993,169,1.1808;1993,170,4.1202;1993,171,5.8462;1993,166,4.1264;1993,168,0.81;1993,143,1.336;1993,164,1.9113;1993,167,0.7222;1993,160,4.9916;1993,462,1.9224;1993,201,3.4804;1993,467,5.8;1993,473,2.6869;1993,65,7.7184;1993,259,4.7076;1993,158,1.8519;1993,202,2.3559;1993,276,4.3194;1993,3,4.9689;1993,253,3.7334;1993,151,1.4601;1993,153,2.0164;1993,149,7.3762;1993,150,2.0389;1993,94,1.9738;1993,147,1.7116;1993,148,2.7338;1993,139,2.6536;1993,145,2;1993,146,3.4101;1993,138,2.6519;1993,135,3.8758;1993,136,4.375;1993,137,2.8303;1993,134,1.8727;1993,8,5.6317;1993,14,4.5783;1993,132,3.1279;1993,129,4.1483;1993,131,3.6871;1993,126,0.96;1993,125,2.2668;1993,121,1.0833;1993,66,1.8341;1993,116,3.0348;1993,117,1.6834;1993,118,2.0782;1993,115,1.735;1993,114,3.286;1993,113,4.8725;1993,109,0.6225;1993,110,5;1993,142,3.0552;1993,107,2.41;1993,105,3.545;1993,103,1.9597;1993,104,2.6233;1993,128,8.1273;1993,450,6.1762;1993,464,7.6408;1993,277,7.2405;1993,101,2.7397;1993,98,2.5912;1993,99,1.8;1993,100,2.246;1993,96,2.8742;1993,97,5.4506;1993,95,5.2273;1993,12,2.6382;1993,91,2.64;1993,92,3.0351;1993,89,2.4809;1993,87,1.273;1993,195,4.2548;1993,81,2.2387;1993,82,2.5;1993,295,2.754;1993,127,5.6422;1993,465,2.5918;1993,9,6.6694;1993,470,2.8081;1993,475,5.8213;1993,79,0.9375;1993,141,3.135;1993,234,3.6987;1993,78,5;1993,76,1.8306;1994,15,1.9;1994,17,2.1369;1994,19,0.875;1994,21,4.2989;1994,23,8.1537;1994,25,1;1994,28,2.5328;1994,31,1.1168;1994,32,1.5666;1994,33,1.6071;1994,34,1.8134;1994,37,2.3876;1994,38,1.6702;1994,39,3.7195;1994,40,1.9582;1994,41,3.0894;1994,42,1.4877;1994,43,3.1962;1994,174,1.3201;1994,436,2.8181;1994,477,3.3906;1994,172,4.3834;1994,173,1.7414;1994,469,2.7666;1994,169,1.1827;1994,170,4.059;1994,171,5.8288;1994,166,4.5875;1994,168,0.7641;1994,143,1.0863;1994,164,2.3247;1994,167,0.7256;1994,160,4.1785;1994,462,1.8968;1994,201,3.7385;1994,467,5.8944;1994,473,2.8225;1994,65,7.913;1994,259,4.3353;1994,158,1.8366;1994,202,2.291;1994,276,4.6522;1994,3,4.5555;1994,253,3.2604;1994,151,1.539;1994,153,2.0265;1994,149,6.1159;1994,150,2.0062;1994,94,2.0067;1994,147,1.7119;1994,148,3.0022;1994,139,2.4906;1994,145,1.9811;1994,146,3.8593;1994,138,3.1308;1994,135,4.0097;1994,136,4.3453;1994,137,2.8645;1994,134,2.3497;1994,8,5.7661;1994,14,6.7703;1994,132,2.908;1994,129,4.3559;1994,131,2.7133;1994,126,1.3;1994,125,2.5812;1994,121,1.1111;1994,66,5.0335;1994,116,3.0614;1994,117,1.5195;1994,118,2.0694;1994,115,1.6518;1994,114,2.7399;1994,113,4.2555;1994,109,0.8345;1994,110,6.5;1994,142,3.169;1994,107,2.1237;1994,105,3.2528;1994,103,1.416;1994,104,2.2143;1994,128,5.4494;1994,450,6.6851;1994,464,7.8581;1994,277,7.7945;1994,101,2.4333;1994,98,2.5979;1994,99,1.7959;1994,100,2.3244;1994,96,2.8859;1994,97,5.8525;1994,95,5.4776;1994,12,2.7123;1994,91,2.6471;1994,92,3.2835;1994,89,2.0869;1994,87,1.2342;1994,195,4.2263;1994,81,2.2556;1994,82,1.5;1994,295,2.8992;1994,127,6.1887;1994,465,2.6158;1994,9,6.1109;1994,470,2.7839;1994,475,5.8313;1994,79,0.825;1994,141,2.9933;1994,234,3.9636;1994,78,5.4804;1994,76,1.5385;1994,77,10.1765;1994,198,5.6348;1994,64,1.7422;1994,75,2.3521;1994,225,2.5759;1994,73,3.7264;1994,74,0.9498;1994,69,2.4865;1994,70,4.9383;1994,67,3.5909;1994,68,1.4;1994,13,6.6851;1994,62,2.9838;1994,63,4.9158;1994,84,3.5657;1994,238,4.4085;1994,466,1.4463;1994,355,3.6585;1994,476,4.5555;1994,60,0.8859;1994,80,2.3878;1995,77,9.7222;1995,198,5.7004;1995,64,1.5802;1995,75,2.4158;1995,225,2.5822;1995,73,3.9204;1995,74,1.2221;1995,69,2.7103;1995,70,4;1995,67,3.6409;1995,68,1.4;1995,13,6.301;1995,62,1.9747;1995,63,5.5099;1995,84,3.6898;1995,238,4.2662;1995,466,1.5463;1995,355,3.6594;1995,476,4.8571;1995,60,1.2426;1995,80,2.3252;1995,15,2.2941;1995,17,1.9578;1995,19,1.4615;1995,21,5.0306;1995,23,8.8003;1995,25,1.981;1995,28,2.6527;1995,31,1.4426;1995,32,1.6654;1995,33,1.6667;1995,34,2.0357;1995,37,2.5668;1995,38,1.6387;1995,39,3.6116;1995,40,1.9249;1995,41,2.6819;1995,42,1.792;1995,43,3.1605;1995,174,1.5214;1995,436,3.2105;1995,477,3.3721;1995,172,4.3;1995,173,1.3244;1995,469,2.0946;1995,169,1.185;1995,170,4.284;1995,171,6.021;1995,166,4.4518;1995,168,0.6881;1995,143,1.0642;1995,164,2.5604;1995,167,0.7359;1995,160,4.7725;1995,462,1.89;1995,201,3.2622;1995,467,5.9989;1995,473,3.2861;1995,65,8.1356;1995,259,5.3291;1995,158,1.8644;1995,202,2.6559;1995,276,4.9457;1995,3,4.8571;1995,253,3.1591;1995,151,1.2304;1995,153,2.0367;1995,149,8.1057;1995,150,2.0192;1995,94,1.907;1995,147,1.7122;1995,148,2.7877;1995,139,2.6103;1995,145,2;1995,146,3.9728;1995,138,3.1606;1995,135,4.0683;1995,136,4.3487;1995,137,2.6972;1995,134,1.8;1995,8,5.5206;1995,14,6.3432;1995,132,2.4308;1995,129,4;1995,131,2.1932;1995,126,1.4889;1995,125,2.5323;1995,121,1.124;1995,66,5.1371;1995,116,3.1619;1995,117,1.5635;1995,118,2.1304;1995,115,1.5484;1995,114,3.936;1995,113,4.6792;1995,35355,1.125;1995,109,0.8717;1995,110,4.9571;1995,142,2.9766;1995,107,2.391;1995,105,3.7084;1995,103,1.6258;1995,104,2.4286;1995,128,3.4639;1995,450,6.301;1995,464,8.1057;1995,277,8.4446;1995,101,2.7522;1995,98,2.8388;1995,99,1.798;1995,100,1.781;1995,96,2.8043;1995,97,5.618;1995,95,5.7329;1995,12,3.2061;1995,91,3.6508;1995,92,3.903;1995,89,2.2497;1995,87,1.2951;1995,195,4.1978;1995,81,2.2726;1995,82,1.6667;1995,295,3.0528;1995,127,6.0538;1995,465,2.6455;1995,9,6.0459;1995,470,2.7024;1995,475,5.813;1995,79,0.7362;1995,141,3.1586;1995,234,4.0333;1995,78,5.3073;1995,76,1.8;1996,15,1.9429;1996,17,1.7826;1996,19,1.75;1996,21,5.1031;1996,23,6.354;1996,25,3.558;1996,28,2.7629;1996,31,2.2016;1996,32,1.8498;1996,33,1.6547;1996,34,2.623;1996,37,2.6566;1996,38,1.6519;1996,39,3.3891;1996,40,2.3883;1996,41,2.7873;1996,42,1.8116;1996,43,3.1391;1996,174,1.32;1996,436,3.0445;1996,477,3.3876;1996,172,4.7704;1996,173,1.5685;1996,469,2.3277;1996,169,1.1876;1996,170,4.0794;1996,171,6.205;1996,166,4.1102;1996,168,0.7199;1996,143,1.4643;1996,164,2.4574;1996,167,0.7549;1996,160,4.6097;1996,462,1.9126;1996,201,3.2062;1996,467,6.1797;1996,473,2.6264;1996,65,8.291;1996,259,5.1627;1996,158,1.8421;1996,202,2.0652;1996,276,5.0983;1996,3,5.2437;1996,253,3.4794;1996,151,1.0676;1996,153,2.047;1996,149,7.6793;1996,150,2.0496;1996,94,1.8375;1996,147,1.7126;1996,148,1.8086;1996,139,2.6768;1996,145,2.4896;1996,146,4.0146;1996,138,2.2508;1996,135,4.4722;1996,136,4.4168;1996,137,2.8226;1996,134,2.25;1996,8,5.8122;1996,14,6.5402;1996,132,1.4286;1996,129,4;1996,131,2.6155;1996,126,1.7037;1996,125,2.5526;1996,121,1.2493;1996,66,5.3595;1996,116,3.251;1996,117,1.7619;1996,118,2.193;1996,115,1.914;1996,114,3.8306;1996,113,4.5412;1996,35355,1.1656;1996,109,0.9653;1996,110,5.8;1996,142,3.0649;1996,107,2.4554;1996,105,3.4195;1996,103,1.7498;1996,104,2.9755;1996,128,2.4586;1996,450,6.8593;1996,464,8.2094;1996,277,6.1072;1996,101,2.8685;1996,98,3.0105;1996,99,1.8012;1996,100,2.0313;1996,96,2.8558;1996,97,5.7198;1996,95,6.0906;1996,12,2.4805;1996,91,3.298;1996,92,2.7075;1996,89,2.0157;1996,87,1.3544;1996,195,4.3861;1996,81,2.2895;1996,82,3.1013;1996,295,3.2611;1996,127,6.7902;1996,465,2.3861;1996,9,6.9838;1996,470,2.8216;1996,475,6.2573;1996,79,0.6803;1996,141,3.1231;1996,234,3.7025;1996,78,4.6491;1996,76,1.7268;1996,77,5;1996,198,5.5524;1996,64,1.5715;1996,75,2.4097;1996,225,2.6726;1996,73,3.5716;1996,74,1.332;1996,69,1.275;1996,70,5.1048;1996,67,3.5518;1996,68,1.4138;1996,13,6.8593;1996,62,2.4324;1996,63,6.4684;1996,84,3.7689;1996,238,4.5;1996,466,1.7125;1996,355,3.7854;1996,476,5.2437;1996,60,1.3447;1996,80,2.2728;1997,198,5.6064;1997,64,1.2513;1997,75,2.3787;1997,225,2.6742;1997,73,2.2653;1997,74,2.6977;1997,69,0.8406;1997,70,5;1997,67,2.8889;1997,68,1.3333;1997,13,6.6101;1997,62,1.9908;1997,63,6.5839;1997,84,3.8768;1997,238,4.5807;1997,466,1.5901;1997,355,3.8183;1997,476,5.8927;1997,60,1.0049;1997,80,2.2129;1997,15,2.2222;1997,17,1.5;1997,19,2;1997,21,5.3703;1997,23,8.3263;1997,25,4.3352;1997,28,2.7431;1997,31,2.6774;1997,32,1.8827;1997,33,1.7221;1997,34,2.0256;1997,37,2.731;1997,38,1.2862;1997,39,2.9871;1997,40,1.575;1997,41,3.2551;1997,42,1.7706;1997,43,3.3636;1997,174,1.4167;1997,436,3.3598;1997,477,3.5016;1997,172,3.6336;1997,173,1.2903;1997,469,2.1862;1997,169,1.1903;1997,170,4.6445;1997,171,6.3111;1997,166,4.3652;1997,168,0.7;1997,143,1.2142;1997,164,2.8781;1997,167,0.755;1997,160,5.2211;1997,462,1.8437;1997,201,3.3864;1997,467,6.2707;1997,473,2.4439;1997,65,8.4152;1997,259,4.4419;1997,158,1.8462;1997,202,2.1731;1997,276,5.2299;1997,3,5.8927;1997,253,3.3663;1997,151,1.0236;1997,153,2.0576;1997,149,6.7813;1997,150,1.6746;1997,94,1.6657;1997,147,1.7129;1997,148,1.8548;1997,139,3.1028;1997,145,2.2857;1997,146,3.981;1997,138,3.3286;1997,144,2;1997,135,4.1727;1997,136,4.4322;1997,137,2.8457;1997,134,2.0165;1997,8,6.195;1997,14,6.4163;1997,132,1.6111;1997,129,3.9724;1997,131,3.0839;1997,126,1.918;1997,125,2.7607;1997,121,1.2456;1997,66,4.6759;1997,116,3.0676;1997,117,1.6273;1997,118,2.1737;1997,115,1.7554;1997,114,3.7189;1997,113,4.1365;1997,35355,1.1648;1997,109,1.0904;1997,110,3.7256;1997,142,3.0789;1997,107,2.417;1997,105,3.4389;1997,103,1.5957;1997,104,3.6368;1997,128,2.4992;1997,450,6.6101;1997,464,8.3179;1997,277,8.0171;1997,101,2.8048;1997,98,3.4958;1997,99,1.7143;1997,100,2.0735;1997,96,2.9329;1997,97,6.1154;1997,95,5.7529;1997,12,2.3375;1997,91,3.0328;1997,92,2.6766;1997,89,2.3254;1997,87,1.2999;1997,195,3.8867;1997,81,2.3064;1997,82,3.4845;1997,295,3.4362;1997,127,6.9556;1997,465,2.4675;1997,9,6.8295;1997,470,2.8302;1997,475,6.3653;1997,79,0.6803;1997,141,3.2451;1997,234,3.9826;1997,78,5.1375;1997,76,2.7093;1998,15,2.5;1998,17,1.4958;1998,19,2;1998,21,4.7762;1998,23,9.4256;1998,25,4.6395;1998,28,2.9358;1998,31,1.8107;1998,32,2.0822;1998,33,1.7929;1998,34,2.0854;1998,37,2.5198;1998,38,1.084;1998,39,3.1467;1998,40,1.9388;1998,41,2.9927;1998,42,1.7884;1998,43,3.5467;1998,174,1.4231;1998,436,2.8522;1998,477,3.4593;1998,172,3.9089;1998,173,1.5023;1998,469,2.455;1998,169,1.193;1998,170,4.7116;1998,171,6.3529;1998,166,4.2668;1998,168,0.7119;1998,143,1.5599;1998,164,2.2772;1998,167,0.755;1998,160,4.2709;1998,462,1.7145;1998,201,3.206;1998,467,6.3089;1998,473,3.0319;1998,65,8.6401;1998,259,4.976;1998,158,1.8571;1998,202,0.6365;1998,276,5.5036;1998,3,5.8252;1998,253,2.7752;1998,151,1.3429;1998,153,2.0684;1998,149,7.2838;1998,150,1.4847;1998,94,1.4512;1998,147,1.7132;1998,148,2.2581;1998,139,2.5468;1998,145,1.98;1998,146,4.0405;1998,138,2.7031;1998,144,2;1998,135,4.5053;1998,136,4.1974;1998,137,2.8805;1998,134,2.3438;1998,8,6.2573;1998,14,6.2188;1998,132,1.875;1998,129,4.8419;1998,131,3.2162;1998,126,2.0042;1998,125,2.7116;1998,121,1.2934;1998,66,5.0723;1998,116,2.8829;1998,117,1.6409;1998,118,2.0341;1998,115,2.1991;1998,114,4.0598;1998,113,4.5108;1998,35355,1.1641;1998,109,1.0552;1998,110,5.4108;1998,142,3.1286;1998,107,2.4434;1998,105,3.473;1998,103,1.6023;1998,104,2.95;1998,128,3.9776;1998,450,6.3458;1998,464,8.5543;1998,277,8.9234;1998,101,2.893;1998,98,3.8792;1998,99,1.8294;1998,100,1.9413;1998,96,2.6986;1998,97,5.7558;1998,95,5.9872;1998,12,3.0372;1998,91,1.9148;1998,92,2.9791;1998,89,2.7204;1998,87,1.1529;1998,195,3.9394;1998,81,2.3234;1998,82,4.0354;1998,295,3.2186;1998,127,6.4271;1998,465,2.3765;1998,9,7.0657;1998,470,2.9023;1998,475,6.5249;1998,79,0.5291;1998,141,3.5102;1998,234,3.7581;1998,78,7;1998,76,2.4566;1998,198,5.1975;1998,64,1.2973;1998,75,2.4654;1998,225,2.6651;1998,73,2.3457;1998,74,2.0441;1998,69,0.685;1998,70,5.25;1998,67,3.0286;1998,68,1.4063;1998,13,6.3458;1998,62,2.3336;1998,63,5.0862;1998,84,3.9585;1998,238,4.6177;1998,466,1.655;1998,355,3.8182;1998,476,5.8252;1998,60,0.7059;1998,80,2;1999,198,5.4271;1999,64,1.9219;1999,75,2.4245;1999,225,2.6489;1999,73,1.5549;1999,74,2.1254;1999,69,1.11;1999,70,5.2308;1999,67,2.9041;1999,68,1.3971;1999,13,6.5744;1999,62,2.5627;1999,63,6.383;1999,84,4.1018;1999,238,4.8345;1999,466,1.6529;1999,355,3.8965;1999,476,6.0915;1999,60,0.9119;1999,80,2.1448;1999,15,2;1999,17,1.3907;1999,19,1.4235;1999,21,5.7337;1999,23,9.1615;1999,25,4.4084;1999,28,3.2139;1999,31,2.7409;1999,32,1.9384;1999,33,1.8546;1999,34,1.4169;1999,37,3.0708;1999,38,0.5263;1999,39,4.94;1999,40,2.4824;1999,41,3.2572;1999,42,1.9433;1999,43,3.3095;1999,174,1.5;1999,436,3.5008;1999,477,3.7103;1999,172,4.1508;1999,173,1.522;1999,469,2.4657;1999,169,1.1952;1999,170,4.8009;1999,171,6.3344;1999,166,4.0875;1999,168,0.6998;1999,143,1.7827;1999,164,3.2673;1999,167,0.755;1999,160,4.5326;1999,462,1.9586;1999,201,3.5225;1999,467,6.3095;1999,473,2.7761;1999,65,8.878;1999,259,5.2531;1999,158,1.8667;1999,202,2.7633;1999,276,5.4827;1999,3,6.0915;1999,253,2.6086;1999,151,2.1712;1999,153,2.0795;1999,149,7.5991;1999,150,1.9919;1999,94,1.1809;1999,147,1.7135;1999,148,3.2924;1999,139,2.185;1999,145,2.0833;1999,146,3.8246;1999,138,3.3158;1999,144,2;1999,135,3.9994;1999,136,4.2519;1999,137,2.9782;1999,134,1.3846;1999,8,6.4635;1999,14,6.4143;1999,132,1.069;1999,129,3.9845;1999,131,2.807;1999,126,2.4698;1999,125,2.9304;1999,121,1.2772;1999,66,4.154;1999,116,2.9415;1999,117,2.0279;1999,118,2.1284;1999,115,2.2366;1999,114,3.968;1999,113,4.7762;1999,35355,1.1634;1999,109,1;1999,110,4.5;1999,142,3.2405;1999,107,2.4722;1999,105,3.6568;1999,103,1.4957;1999,104,4.1112;1999,128,4.0397;1999,450,6.5744;1999,464,8.7184;1999,277,8.8683;1999,101,3.0744;1999,98,4.6126;1999,99,1.8543;1999,100,2.3382;1999,96,2.9468;1999,97,6.2514;1999,95,5.9924;1999,12,2.7357;1999,91,1.8132;1999,92,2.4343;1999,89,2.5018;1999,87,1.1604;1999,195,4.5;1999,81,2.3401;1999,82,5.7143;1999,295,3.6633;1999,127,6.6272;1999,465,2.3636;1999,9,7.5388;1999,470,3.0217;1999,475,6.7866;1999,79,1.1905;1999,141,3.281;1999,234,3.7205;1999,78,3.3333;1999,76,2.4908;2000,15,2;2000,17,1.3025;2000,19,1.3454;2000,21,4.7798;2000,23,8.2573;2000,25,5.0047;2000,28,3.4836;2000,31,2.7237;2000,32,2.1114;2000,33,1.7038;2000,34,1.9134;2000,37,3.0339;2000,38,0.65;2000,39,4.7001;2000,40,2.5675;2000,41,3.0399;2000,42,2.1155;2000,43,3.0103;2000,174,1.4903;2000,436,3.388;2000,477,3.3965;2000,172,5.2414;2000,173,1.0341;2000,469,1.6482;2000,169,1.2017;2000,170,4.7324;2000,171,6.2642;2000,166,3.8975;2000,168,0.6998;2000,143,1.821;2000,164,2.7625;2000,167,0.755;2000,160,4.8422;2000,462,1.8982;2000,201,3.6812;2000,467,6.2521;2000,473,3.518;2000,65,9.1025;2000,259,5.7884;2000,158,1.8293;2000,202,2.4976;2000,276,5.2492;2000,3,5.8358;2000,253,2.2342;2000,151,2.2143;2000,153,2;2000,149,7;2000,150,2.1589;2000,94,1.421;2000,147,1.7139;2000,148,3.0764;2000,139,2.2923;2000,145,2.5;2000,146,3.8715;2000,138,3.4932;2000,144,1.9999;2000,135,3.6896;2000,136,4.4007;2000,137,2.8508;2000,134,0.6;2000,8,5.581;2000,14,6.7023;2000,132,0.9231;2000,129,3.771;2000,131,2.9723;2000,126,3.0488;2000,125,3.0606;2000,121,1.278;2000,66,4.7729;2000,116,3.064;2000,117,1.6451;2000,118,2.0512;2000,115,2.1052;2000,114,4.2373;2000,113,4.1805;2000,35355,1.163;2000,109,0.9816;2000,110,4.5;2000,142,3.3834;2000,107,2.7028;2000,105,3.1201;2000,103,1.4998;2000,104,2.7479;2000,128,3.1589;2000,450,7.0397;2000,464,8.9977;2000,277,7.994;2000,101,3.0312;2000,98,3.8492;2000,99,1.8805;2000,100,2.4229;2000,96,3.0681;2000,97,6.5901;2000,95,5.9772;2000,12,3.4949;2000,91,2.7318;2000,92,2.5714;2000,89,2.3454;2000,87,1.0869;2000,195,4.6495;2000,81,2.3338;2000,82,2;2000,295,3.6175;2000,127,6.711;2000,465,2.3737;2000,9,7.0661;2000,470,2.9792;2000,475,6.1225;2000,79,1.4652;2000,141,3.4374;2000,234,3.897;2000,78,3.4;2000,76,3.79;2000,198,5.6127;2000,64,1.8805;2000,75,2.6128;2000,225,3;2000,73,2.2343;2000,74,1.9223;2000,69,0.39;2000,70,6.0345;2000,67,3.5595;2000,68,1.5139;2000,13,7.0397;2000,62,1.1745;2000,63,6.384;2000,84,4.2432;2000,238,4.897;2000,466,1.6528;2000,355,3.8874;2000,476,5.8358;2000,60,1.1333;2000,80,2;2001,198,5.1984;2001,64,2.1379;2001,75,2.7686;2001,225,1.5384;2001,73,1.165;2001,74,1.9324;2001,69,1.1143;2001,70,6.1017;2001,67,3.6548;2001,68,1.5;2001,13,7.2807;2001,62,1.7165;2001,63,6.7037;2001,84,4.2853;2001,238,4.9355;2001,466,1.5306;2001,355,3.9445;2001,476,5.3603;2001,60,1.2562;2001,80,2.2063;2001,15,2;2001,17,1.2295;2001,19,1.3701;2001,21,5.7495;2001,23,9.2825;2001,25,4.8725;2001,28,3.402;2001,31,3.0144;2001,32,2.0714;2001,33,1.7391;2001,34,2.2753;2001,37,3.2406;2001,38,0.7292;2001,39,4.8001;2001,40,1.8795;2001,41,3.2063;2001,42,2.0699;2001,43,3.0242;2001,174,1.4882;2001,436,3.7086;2001,477,3.0615;2001,172,5.0179;2001,173,1.2868;2001,469,2.1998;2001,169,1.2023;2001,170,4.5472;2001,171,6.1524;2001,166,3.8039;2001,168,0.7;2001,143,1.8612;2001,164,3.2689;2001,167,0.755;2001,160,4.895;2001,462,2.0485;2001,201,3.6;2001,467,6.1557;2001,473,3.523;2001,65,9.2833;2001,259,6.0284;2001,158,1.8427;2001,202,2.4353;2001,276,5.5405;2001,3,5.3603;2001,253,3.8023;2001,151,2.3286;2001,153,2.124;2001,149,7.1181;2001,150,2.0185;2001,94,1.2341;2001,147,1.7194;2001,148,3.0049;2001,139,3.4989;2001,145,2.0117;2001,146,3.9823;2001,138,3.295;2001,144,2;2001,135,3.8661;2001,136,4.3879;2001,137,3.1158;2001,134,1.28;2001,8,5.8494;2001,14,6.6354;2001,132,1.375;2001,129,3.4091;2001,131,2.8714;2001,126,2.9859;2001,125,3.1264;2001,121,1.1154;2001,66,5.2667;2001,116,3.1101;2001,117,1.8576;2001,118,2.1956;2001,115,2.0095;2001,114,4.5266;2001,113,4.2576;2001,35355,1.1628;2001,109,0.9582;2001,110,5.2773;2001,142,3.4177;2001,107,2.7454;2001,105,2.9281;2001,103,1.3;2001,104,2.7565;2001,128,3.6017;2001,450,7.2807;2001,464,9.1462;2001,277,9.0282;2001,101,2.7542;2001,98,3.9797;2001,99,2;2001,100,2.1332;2001,96,3.1866;2001,97,6.6941;2001,95,5.8523;2001,12,3.4935;2001,91,3.0668;2001,92,1.25;2001,89,2.3729;2001,87,1;2001,195,4.6496;2001,81,2.2857;2001,82,5.9701;2001,295,3.8309;2001,127,6.8381;2001,465,2.3104;2001,9,7.5795;2001,470,3.153;2001,475,6.4428;2001,79,1.7857;2001,141,3.5228;2001,234,3.7686;2001,78,3.8915;2001,76,2.61;2002,15,2.8741;2002,17,1.2921;2002,19,1.3198;2002,21,5.7197;2002,23,8.2778;2002,25,4.6532;2002,28,3.4902;2002,31,2.6183;2002,32,2.2232;2002,33,1.9987;2002,34,1.9976;2002,37,3.3241;2002,38,0.7294;2002,39,4.3099;2002,40,1.901;2002,41,3.2629;2002,42,1.9164;2002,43,1.1137;2002,174,1.4891;2002,436,3.7882;2002,477,3.1545;2002,172,5.0724;2002,173,1.2994;2002,469,2.6744;2002,169,1.2023;2002,170,4.8001;2002,171,6.1855;2002,166,3.9623;2002,168,0.7001;2002,143,1.9001;2002,164,3.4959;2002,167,0.755;2002,160,4.8593;2002,462,1.9518;2002,201,3.8746;2002,467,6.1674;2002,473,3.8115;2002,65,9.3889;2002,259,5.9384;2002,158,2.0016;2002,202,2.4249;2002,276,5.773;2002,3,5.691;2002,253,2.7114;2002,151,2.0452;2002,153,2.1574;2002,149,7.3778;2002,150,2.2799;2002,94,1.2921;2002,147,1.7289;2002,148,2.4901;2002,139,2.3573;2002,145,2;2002,146,4.1253;2002,138,4.6448;2002,144,2;2002,135,4.7267;2002,136,4.4691;2002,137,2.6163;2002,134,2.5;2002,8,6.27;2002,14,6.5823;2002,132,0.9091;2002,129,3.4615;2002,131,3.0288;2002,126,3.129;2002,125,3.2739;2002,121,0.9167;2002,66,4.738;2002,116,3.2385;2002,117,1.6425;2002,118,2.1414;2002,115,1.9712;2002,114,4.5602;2002,113,4.5027;2002,35355,1.1629;2002,109,0.9336;2002,110,4.1453;2002,142,3.4172;2002,107,2.6754;2002,105,3.1853;2002,103,1.34;2002,104,3.3517;2002,128,3.7505;2002,450,7.373;2002,464,9.2787;2002,277,8.0372;2002,101,3.0192;2002,98,3.8841;2002,99,1.9055;2002,100,2.3156;2002,96,3.2797;2002,97,6.6876;2002,95,5.7862;2002,12,3.7663;2002,91,3.2658;2002,92,1.2;2002,89,2.2676;2002,87,1.0049;2002,195,4.5984;2002,81,2.3767;2002,82,6;2002,295,3.8869;2002,127,6.3495;2002,465,2.3971;2002,9,7.2172;2002,470,2.8332;2002,475,6.5774;2002,79,1.68;2002,141,3.4889;2002,234,3.9227;2002,78,4.0628;2002,76,2.8523;2002,198,5.8774;2002,64,1.7408;2002,75,2.8996;2002,225,1.533;2002,73,1.294;2002,74,2.1627;2002,69,1.9048;2002,70,6;2002,67,3.9894;2002,68,1.5;2002,13,7.373;2002,62,2.7189;2002,63,5.8632;2002,84,4.5903;2002,238,4.9754;2002,466,1.5281;2002,355,3.8677;2002,476,5.691;2002,60,1.2857;2002,80,2.2613;2003,76,3.4604;2003,198,6.0571;2003,64,1.767;2003,75,2.8998;2003,225,1.5025;2003,73,0.9052;2003,74,2.17;2003,69,2.6071;2003,70,5.7231;2003,67,3.75;2003,68,1.5349;2003,13,7.4759;2003,62,2.7579;2003,63,5.9042;2003,84,4.6387;2003,238,4.665;2003,466,1.5943;2003,355,3.9508;2003,476,5.6052;2003,60,1.4091;2003,80,2.4138;2003,15,2.9931;2003,17,1.2791;2003,19,1.3768;2003,21,5.4002;2003,23,9.558;2003,25,4.7042;2003,28,3.5768;2003,31,2.91;2003,32,2.3143;2003,33,2.2871;2003,34,2.9983;2003,37,3.249;2003,38,0.7928;2003,39,4.2001;2003,40,1.9997;2003,41,3.1413;2003,42,2.1012;2003,43,1.187;2003,174,2.0483;2003,436,3.6576;2003,477,3.1428;2003,172,4.9893;2003,173,1.3266;2003,469,2.9444;2003,169,1.2023;2003,170,4.8536;2003,171,6.0606;2003,166,3.3979;2003,168,0.7059;2003,143,1.941;2003,164,3.4985;2003,167,0.755;2003,160,4.6314;2003,462,2.0349;2003,201,3.8726;2003,467,6.0056;2003,473,3.2812;2003,65,9.7484;2003,259,6.7816;2003,158,1.8056;2003,202,2.3852;2003,276,5.6079;2003,3,5.6052;2003,253,3.9043;2003,151,1.8062;2003,153,2.2006;2003,149,6.9957;2003,150,2.0411;2003,94,1.3597;2003,147,1.7384;2003,148,2.241;2003,139,3.5379;2003,145,1.9982;2003,146,4.2276;2003,138,4.3727;2003,144,2;2003,135,4.7639;2003,136,4.5426;2003,137,3.1177;2003,134,3.0508;2003,8,6.4129;2003,14,5.8498;2003,132,1.0769;2003,129,3.7568;2003,131,3.2735;2003,126,3.0069;2003,125,3.1403;2003,121,0.8333;2003,66,4.2551;2003,116,3.3596;2003,117,1.6212;2003,118,2.2962;2003,115,2.2974;2003,114,3.7441;2003,113,4.555;2003,35355,1.1753;2003,109,0.979;2003,110,4.9706;2003,142,3.5457;2003,107,2.6753;2003,105,3.2002;2003,103,1.41;2003,104,3.0454;2003,128,3.8425;2003,450,7.4759;2003,464,9.6221;2003,277,8.5394;2003,101,2.9551;2003,98,3.6383;2003,99,1.8997;2003,100,2.36;2003,96,3.3696;2003,97,6.7942;2003,95,5.7602;2003,12,3.1527;2003,91,3.6665;2003,92,2.4095;2003,89,2.6397;2003,87,1.0128;2003,195,3.2076;2003,81,2.4041;2003,82,6;2003,295,3.8693;2003,127,6.0542;2003,465,2.4499;2003,9,7.2766;2003,470,3.2032;2003,475,6.6492;2003,79,1.9685;2003,141,3.3696;2003,234,3.6945;2003,78,4.1739;2004,15,2.3744;2004,17,1.2835;2004,19,1.1584;2004,21,6.2661;2004,23,8.3305;2004,25,3.981;2004,28,3.5359;2004,31,3.4056;2004,32,2.6137;2004,33,2.8816;2004,34,2.1771;2004,37,3.5565;2004,38,0.819;2004,39,4.9596;2004,40,1.5047;2004,41,3.2924;2004,42,1.9773;2004,43,1.2416;2004,174,1.9938;2004,436,3.3976;2004,477,3.0172;2004,172,4.7898;2004,173,0.9705;2004,469,2.995;2004,169,1.2022;2004,170,4.8038;2004,171,6.3085;2004,166,3.1749;2004,168,0.69;2004,143,1.9989;2004,164,3.0977;2004,167,0.755;2004,160,4.2971;2004,462,2.1148;2004,201,4.2187;2004,467,6.2864;2004,473,3.808;2004,65,9.8384;2004,259,6.643;2004,158,1.8462;2004,202,2.3538;2004,276,5.9728;2004,3,5.7098;2004,253,2.8807;2004,151,2.0375;2004,153,2.2537;2004,149,7.9524;2004,150,2.0253;2004,94,1.3722;2004,147,1.7479;2004,148,2.4087;2004,139,4.105;2004,145,2.0508;2004,146,4.3181;2004,138,3.4097;2004,144,2;2004,135,4.158;2004,136,4.5365;2004,137,2.9756;2004,134,2.8409;2004,8,6.6317;2004,14,6.415;2004,132,1.4286;2004,129,3.728;2004,131,3.6153;2004,126,3.0052;2004,125,3.2831;2004,121,0.9167;2004,66,5.1676;2004,116,3.326;2004,117,1.1681;2004,118,2.4475;2004,115,1.5922;2004,114,4.6995;2004,113,4.4631;2004,35355,1.2;2004,109,0.9604;2004,110,6.7045;2004,142,3.8175;2004,107,2.8573;2004,105,3.5103;2004,103,1.4199;2004,104,3.34;2004,128,4.0652;2004,450,7.8328;2004,464,9.7547;2004,277,7.7349;2004,101,2.9914;2004,98,4.0323;2004,99,1.9001;2004,100,1.8707;2004,96,3.513;2004,97,6.4401;2004,95,5.8332;2004,12,3.7685;2004,91,3.7964;2004,92,4.0056;2004,89,2.4758;2004,87,1.0037;2004,195,3.125;2004,81,2.4321;2004,82,6;2004,295,4.0639;2004,127,6.7291;2004,465,2.4779;2004,9,7.2015;2004,470,3.0913;2004,475,6.821;2004,79,4.7619;2004,141,3.6516;2004,234,3.5596;2004,78,4.1187;2004,76,3.6408;2004,198,6.0486;2004,64,1.7263;2004,75,2.8559;2004,225,1.5215;2004,73,0.9556;2004,74,2.1228;2004,69,2.2;2004,70,7;2004,67,3.7746;2004,68,1.3011;2004,13,7.8328;2004,62,2.7413;2004,63,6.7712;2004,84,4.8553;2004,238,4.8787;2004,466,1.5302;2004,355,4.0349;2004,476,5.7098;2004,60,1.3751;2004,80,2.3152;2005,76,3.2844;2005,198,5.454;2005,64,1.6634;2005,75,2.9625;2005,225,1.4722;2005,73,1.041;2005,74,2.209;2005,69,2.1818;2005,70,7.0588;2005,67,4.3458;2005,68,1.5;2005,13,7.4245;2005,62,3.2717;2005,63,6.6005;2005,84,4.8891;2005,238,4.651;2005,466,1.622;2005,355,4.0912;2005,476,5.7314;2005,60,1.2864;2005,80,2.3168;2005,15,3.0313;2005,17,1.3002;2005,19,0.6977;2005,21,6.0165;2005,23,6.6168;2005,25,3.5903;2005,28,3.7814;2005,31,4.8655;2005,32,2.71;2005,33,2.6896;2005,34,2.544;2005,37,3.3691;2005,38,0.8728;2005,39,4.4801;2005,40,1.7791;2005,41,3.4144;2005,42,2.4793;2005,43,1.2971;2005,174,2.0087;2005,436,3.3483;2005,477,3.2667;2005,172,4.6677;2005,173,1.354;2005,469,3.0197;2005,169,1.2;2005,170,4.8388;2005,171,6.2527;2005,166,3.3169;2005,168,0.5789;2005,143,1.9932;2005,164,2.89;2005,167,0.755;2005,160,4.2047;2005,462,2.2489;2005,201,3.899;2005,467,6.2502;2005,473,4.2183;2005,65,9.9874;2005,259,7.2118;2005,158,1.8016;2005,202,2.3733;2005,276,5.8086;2005,3,5.7314;2005,253,1.9904;2005,151,1.0034;2005,153,2.3068;2005,149,7.2401;2005,150,2.3917;2005,94,1.5129;2005,147,1.7575;2005,148,2.5415;2005,139,3.7417;2005,145,2.027;2005,146,3.94;2005,138,3.5426;2005,144,1.9999;2005,135,4.3573;2005,136,4.5739;2005,137,3.1537;2005,134,2.8879;2005,8,6.3074;2005,14,6.6483;2005,132,3;2005,129,3.9321;2005,131,3.3522;2005,126,2.9517;2005,125,3.489;2005,121,1.29;2005,66,5.2704;2005,116,3.4221;2005,117,0.8424;2005,118,2.714;2005,115,2.2845;2005,114,3.8919;2005,113,5.0653;2005,35355,1.2252;2005,109,0.9701;2005,110,6.8;2005,142,3.7491;2005,107,2.7825;2005,105,3.3106;2005,103,1.4302;2005,104,3.9644;2005,128,4.4282;2005,450,7.4245;2005,464,9.8891;2005,277,6.0549;2005,101,3.1742;2005,98,3.0448;2005,99,1.9098;2005,100,2.1475;2005,96,3.5876;2005,97,6.8971;2005,95,5.5381;2005,12,4.2034;2005,91,4.4673;2005,92,4.1989;2005,89,2.8542;2005,87,1.1354;2005,195,3;2005,81,2.4592;2005,82,5.1051;2005,295,3.9207;2005,127,6.5682;2005,465,2.5038;2005,9,6.9166;2005,470,3.2731;2005,475,6.4989;2005,79,3.4014;2005,141,3.5465;2005,234,3.5984;2005,78,4.0634;2006,15,3.375;2006,17,1.2782;2006,19,0.4947;2006,21,7.061;2006,23,10.1313;2006,25,4.2375;2006,28,3.8541;2006,31,4.0711;2006,32,2.6383;2006,33,2.7461;2006,34,2.6512;2006,37,3.8798;2006,38,0.8091;2006,39,4.408;2006,40,2.5724;2006,41,3.3322;2006,42,2.4893;2006,43,1.2905;2006,174,1.6;2006,436,3.5985;2006,477,3.6215;2006,172,5.7296;2006,173,1.3183;2006,469,3.1472;2006,169,1.1765;2006,170,4.5717;2006,171,6.2006;2006,166,3.9744;2006,168,0.5946;2006,143,1.9349;2006,164,3.04;2006,167,0.755;2006,160,4.6865;2006,462,2.3392;2006,201,4.1986;2006,467,6.1845;2006,473,4.3415;2006,65,10.075;2006,259,7.3941;2006,158,1.7511;2006,202,2.3149;2006,276,5.7591;2006,3,5.5331;2006,253,1.7055;2006,151,1.691;2006,153,2.36;2006,149,7.7137;2006,150,2;2006,94,1.6308;2006,147,1.7672;2006,148,2.7481;2006,139,4.9229;2006,145,2.0755;2006,146,4.5906;2006,138,3.2342;2006,135,4.1426;2006,136,4.6201;2006,137,3.1759;2006,134,2.8867;2006,8,6.2772;2006,14,6.3359;2006,132,2;2006,129,2.8062;2006,131,3.2966;2006,126,2.9633;2006,125,3.5855;2006,121,1.2615;2006,66,5.5265;2006,116,3.3907;2006,117,1.7576;2006,118,2.7667;2006,115,2.5534;2006,114,4.4809;2006,113,4.7857;2006,35355,1.2508;2006,109,0.9295;2006,110,6.8;2006,142,3.8301;2006,107,2.7166;2006,105,3.6392;2006,103,1.4833;2006,104,3.7082;2006,128,4.2484;2006,450,7.7313;2006,464,9.9808;2006,277,9.6239;2006,101,3.1604;2006,98,3;2006,99,1.9195;2006,100,2.4292;2006,96,3.6844;2006,97,6.8732;2006,95,5.7953;2006,12,4.3573;2006,91,4.4843;2006,92,3.2993;2006,89,2.2401;2006,87,1.4317;2006,195,3.3505;2006,81,2.4853;2006,82,5.1054;2006,295,4.412;2006,127,6.601;2006,465,2.5287;2006,9,6.7992;2006,470,3.3005;2006,475,6.4722;2006,79,3.6708;2006,141,3.6705;2006,234,4.1296;2006,78,4.0082;2006,76,3.1415;2006,198,5.9199;2006,64,1.9031;2006,75,2.916;2006,225,1.2313;2006,73,0.8267;2006,74,2.483;2006,69,2.4107;2006,70,7.0232;2006,67,4.6065;2006,68,1.3628;2006,13,7.7313;2006,62,3.6322;2006,63,7.2893;2006,84,4.8943;2006,238,4.9503;2006,466,1.6813;2006,355,4.1175;2006,476,5.5331;2006,60,0.9726;2006,80,2.4;2007,76,3.0707;2007,198,5.2417;2007,64,2.4048;2007,75,3.0087;2007,225,1.5105;2007,73,1.1059;2007,74,2.2836;2007,69,2.2633;2007,70,6.9084;2007,67,5.4;2007,68,1.3613;2007,13,8.0917;2007,62,3.5945;2007,63,7.8796;2007,84,4.9869;2007,238,5.0514;2007,466,1.5979;2007,355,4.2342;2007,476,5.0773;2007,60,1.5126;2007,80,2.3059;2007,15,3.2471;2007,17,1.3381;2007,19,0.5143;2007,21,6.5604;2007,23,8.15;2007,25,3.3886;2007,28,4.0833;2007,31,4.7885;2007,32,2.7399;2007,33,2.7043;2007,34,2.0711;2007,37,3.826;2007,38,0.7255;2007,39,4.7375;2007,40,1.7002;2007,41,3.3767;2007,42,2.6216;2007,43,1;2007,174,1.5;2007,436,3.7554;2007,477,3.5231;2007,172,5.0663;2007,173,1.2486;2007,469,3.1346;2007,169,1.2143;2007,170,4.902;2007,171,6.4223;2007,166,3.8036;2007,168,0.5789;2007,143,1.7012;2007,164,3.23;2007,167,0.755;2007,160,4.8112;2007,462,2.5273;2007,201,4.3555;2007,467,6.3646;2007,473,4.5352;2007,65,9.7675;2007,259,7.4651;2007,158,1.8433;2007,202,2.6735;2007,276,5.9929;2007,3,5.0773;2007,253,2.5791;2007,151,0.6861;2007,153,2.4131;2007,149,7.6337;2007,150,1.7015;2007,94,1.8156;2007,147,1.7769;2007,148,2.5405;2007,139,5.0483;2007,145,2.2491;2007,146,4.3314;2007,138,3.7891;2007,144,1.9999;2007,135,4.3257;2007,136,4.7052;2007,137,3.2924;2007,134,3.163;2007,8,6.624;2007,14,6.5111;2007,132,2.9545;2007,129,2.8715;2007,131,3.3678;2007,126,2.8236;2007,125,3.7233;2007,121,1.4488;2007,66,6.1322;2007,116,3.5277;2007,117,1.9481;2007,118,2.8268;2007,115,2.7621;2007,114,4.7221;2007,113,4.1536;2007,35355,1.1111;2007,109,0.98;2007,110,7.3667;2007,142,3.926;2007,107,2.557;2007,105,3.9482;2007,103,1.2999;2007,104,3.1201;2007,128,3.2045;2007,450,8.0917;2007,464,9.6959;2007,277,6.7249;2007,101,3.3176;2007,98,3.0952;2007,99,1.9292;2007,100,2.3817;2007,96,3.8008;2007,97,6.6817;2007,95,5.8067;2007,12,4.4875;2007,91,4.132;2007,92,3.4023;2007,89,2.4078;2007,87,1.36;2007,195,3.0011;2007,81,2.5107;2007,82,6.1538;2007,295,4.37;2007,127,6.2736;2007,465,2.5505;2007,9,7.1228;2007,470,3.4326;2007,475,6.761;2007,79,3.68;2007,141,3.8337;2007,234,4.2534;2007,78,3.953;2008,15,3.2211;2008,17,1.3955;2008,19,0.5084;2008,21,6.8278;2008,23,8;2008,25,2.7973;2008,28,4.1441;2008,31,3.476;2008,32,3.1715;2008,33,3.9983;2008,34,2.1737;2008,37,4.2311;2008,38,0.7008;2008,39,7.6646;2008,40,2.4355;2008,41,3.2203;2008,42,2.7457;2008,43,1;2008,174,1.5;2008,436,3.5678;2008,477,3.7908;2008,172,5.792;2008,173,1.5314;2008,469,3.0899;2008,169,1.1765;2008,170,4.8887;2008,171,6.5535;2008,166,4.0974;2008,168,0.619;2008,143,1.8541;2008,164,2.8036;2008,167,0.755;2008,160,4.8268;2008,462,2.226;2008,201,4.0639;2008,467,6.5481;2008,473,4.7374;2008,65,9.7349;2008,259,7.9373;2008,158,2.0499;2008,202,2.2838;2008,276,5.8231;2008,3,5.7599;2008,253,2.579;2008,151,1.1265;2008,153,2.4662;2008,149,6.7355;2008,150,2.2735;2008,94,1.8098;2008,147,1.9308;2008,148,3.708;2008,139,5.1911;2008,145,2.0755;2008,146,4.2321;2008,138,3.9404;2008,144,2;2008,135,3.9285;2008,136,4.8948;2008,137,3.2509;2008,134,2.9281;2008,8,6.1949;2008,14,6.7786;2008,132,3.3333;2008,129,1.3076;2008,131,3.3736;2008,126,2.8548;2008,125,3.7772;2008,121,1.5534;2008,66,6.2413;2008,116,3.5836;2008,117,1.82;2008,118,3.0495;2008,115,3.366;2008,114,4.7631;2008,213,3.0793;2008,113,4.4619;2008,35355,1.3485;2008,109,0.4675;2008,110,6.9563;2008,142,4.0324;2008,107,2.775;2008,105,4.0055;2008,103,1.7544;2008,104,1.8299;2008,128,5.0176;2008,450,7.6731;2008,464,9.6619;2008,277,3.7073;2008,101,3.5199;2008,98,4.272;2008,99,1.9389;2008,100,2.8767;2008,96,3.7703;2008,97,7.3089;2008,95,5.73;2008,12,4.6029;2008,91,4.4432;2008,92,4.9326;2008,89,3.2572;2008,87,1.43;2008,195,2.5455;2008,81,2.5354;2008,82,4.9663;2008,295,4.7213;2008,127,6.9123;2008,465,2.5776;2008,9,6.922;2008,470,3.4244;2008,475,6.3909;2008,79,4.463;2008,141,3.68;2008,234,4.1892;2008,78,3.8978;2008,76,5.2616;2008,198,5.7757;2008,64,1.6004;2008,75,2.9626;2008,225,1.7587;2008,73,1.2269;2008,74,2.3441;2008,69,2.2;2008,70,7.5716;2008,67,5.0859;2008,68,1.3895;2008,13,7.6731;2008,62,3.1543;2008,63,7.8989;2008,84,5.2336;2008,238,5.1881;2008,466,1.9789;2008,355,4.2949;2008,476,5.7599;2008,60,1.3833;2008,80,2.2951;2009,76,4.3558;2009,198,6.1989;2009,64,1.6568;2009,75,2.8826;2009,225,3.097;2009,73,1.1398;2009,74,2.654;2009,69,1.9643;2009,70,7.7768;2009,67,5.8327;2009,68,2.3926;2009,13,7.9413;2009,62,5.5543;2009,63,8.01;2009,84,5.2372;2009,238,4.7758;2009,466,2.0334;2009,355,4.344;2009,476,5.7086;2009,60,1.639;2009,80,2.2857;2009,15,3.225;2009,17,1.4594;2009,19,0.6028;2009,21,6.8842;2009,23,8.15;2009,25,2.5279;2009,28,4.2404;2009,31,4.5021;2009,32,2.7585;2009,33,2.7993;2009,34,2.2001;2009,37,4.4049;2009,38,0.5147;2009,39,6.6617;2009,40,2.3154;2009,41,3.268;2009,42,2.8363;2009,43,2.7475;2009,174,1.5;2009,436,3.2245;2009,477,3.7668;2009,172,5.3763;2009,173,1.0487;2009,469,3.5034;2009,169,1.215;2009,170,4.6956;2009,171,6.582;2009,166,4.1001;2009,168,0.6522;2009,143,1.8224;2009,164,2.6123;2009,167,0.755;2009,160,4.2862;2009,462,2.6187;2009,201,4.0004;2009,467,6.549;2009,473,5.2696;2009,65,9.593;2009,259,6.9016;2009,158,2.1602;2009,202,2.8712;2009,276,6.3586;2009,3,5.7086;2009,253,1.9894;2009,151,1.0822;2009,153,2.5191;2009,149,7.069;2009,150,2.4109;2009,94,2.0368;2009,147,1.6705;2009,148,2.7965;2009,139,4.9376;2009,145,2.2313;2009,146,4.4351;2009,138,4.3223;2009,144,2;2009,135,3.9883;2009,136,4.9985;2009,137,3.2366;2009,134,3.1511;2009,8,6.7941;2009,14,6.5222;2009,132,4.0541;2009,129,1.9333;2009,131,3.5409;2009,126,3.3041;2009,125,3.8419;2009,121,1.1835;2009,66,6.3686;2009,116,3.7205;2009,117,2.1259;2009,118,3.5056;2009,115,2.9563;2009,114,3.9894;2009,213,2.9556;2009,113,4.8502;2009,35355,1.4201;2009,109,0.9835;2009,110,6.4154;2009,142,4.0557;2009,107,2.9074;2009,105,4.5355;2009,103,1.9306;2009,104,1.4316;2009,128,4.1054;2009,450,7.9413;2009,464,9.4834;2009,277,5.8783;2009,101,3.5845;2009,98,4.3;2009,99,1.9487;2009,100,2.2619;2009,96,3.589;2009,97,7.3926;2009,95,5.6772;2009,12,5.1435;2009,91,5.6178;2009,92,5.4262;2009,89,3.6022;2009,87,1.78;2009,195,2.2727;2009,81,2.5595;2009,82,4.7273;2009,295,4.7758;2009,127,7.0335;2009,465,2.5993;2009,9,7.6593;2009,470,3.4534;2009,475,6.9806;2009,79,3.5697;2009,141,3.8748;2009,234,4.2092;2009,78,3.8425;2010,15,3.2308;2010,17,1.5302;2010,19,0.7403;2010,21,5.7646;2010,23,10.4074;2010,25,2.3963;2010,28,4.3422;2010,31,4.3685;2010,32,2.6558;2010,33,3.14;2010,34,2.2757;2010,37,4.1271;2010,38,0.5801;2010,39,4.7863;2010,40,2.0238;2010,41,2.8209;2010,42,2.9697;2010,43,1.0936;2010,174,2.3353;2010,436,3.4036;2010,477,3.9111;2010,172,3.8599;2010,173,1.3415;2010,469,3.6825;2010,169,1.2632;2010,170,4.1223;2010,171,6.5481;2010,166,4.0318;2010,168,0.6242;2010,143,3.0546;2010,164,2.5755;2010,167,0.7572;2010,160,4.5646;2010,462,2.8326;2010,201,4.3399;2010,467,6.5062;2010,473,5.1975;2010,65,9.4217;2010,259,7.0136;2010,158,3.0273;2010,202,2.5259;2010,276,6.0408;2010,3,5.4269;2010,253,1.8938;2010,151,1.1595;2010,153,2.5718;2010,149,6.75;2010,150,2.7126;2010,94,2.0818;2010,147,1.1008;2010,148,3.4919;2010,139,5.7287;2010,145,2.3216;2010,146,4.2329;2010,138,2.9465;2010,144,2;2010,135,4.4187;2010,136,5.0153;2010,137,3.3587;2010,134,3.2482;2010,8,6.1219;2010,14,6.5135;2010,132,4.7397;2010,129,4.2384;2010,131,3.9697;2010,126,3.2935;2010,125,3.5909;2010,121,1.1786;2010,66,6.2303;2010,116,3.6361;2010,117,1.8631;2010,118,3.6249;2010,115,4.8868;2010,114,5.231;2010,213,2.8299;2010,113,5.1901;2010,35355,1.4915;2010,109,1.1365;2010,110,6.827;2010,142,4.0666;2010,107,2.7164;2010,105,5.1406;2010,103,1.8386;2010,104,1.494;2010,128,4.2561;2010,450,7.5375;2010,464,9.2995;2010,277,8.7695;2010,101,3.0589;2010,98,5.2998;2010,99,1.9584;2010,100,2.166;2010,96,3.6224;2010,97,7.285;2010,95,5.8488;2010,12,5.2795;2010,91,5.1833;2010,92,4.9656;2010,89,4.1033;2010,87,1.87;2010,195,2.0749;2010,81,2.583;2010,82,5.2;2010,295,4.5038;2010,127,6.5138;2010,465,2.6213;2010,9,7.5936;2010,470,3.5415;2010,475,6.565;2010,79,3.6484;2010,141,4.0558;2010,234,4.2329;2010,78,3.7873;2010,76,5.174;2010,198,5.9501;2010,64,2.3323;2010,75,2.8837;2010,225,3.0898;2010,73,1.1398;2010,74,2.3228;2010,69,1.7724;2010,70,8.6899;2010,67,5.0512;2010,68,2.507;2010,13,7.5375;2010,62,5.7611;2010,63,7.0954;2010,84,5.3416;2010,238,4.2908;2010,466,2.0451;2010,355,4.3402;2010,476,5.4269;2010,60,1.6778;2010,80,2.2774;2011,76,5.8186;2011,198,6.5536;2011,64,2.0086;2011,75,3.1013;2011,225,2.7642;2011,73,1.1404;2011,74,2.5101;2011,69,1.6917;2011,70,9.0543;2011,67,5.7399;2011,68,2.5889;2011,13,7.921;2011,62,5.2203;2011,63,8.3827;2011,84,5.5383;2011,238,4.7829;2011,466,1.8616;2011,355,4.4348;2011,476,5.9817;2011,60,1.7974;2011,80,2.2704;2011,15,3.2;2011,17,1.6075;2011,19,0.8914;2011,21,6.7901;2011,23,9.5441;2011,25,2.0947;2011,28,4.3917;2011,31,4.2831;2011,32,3.9362;2011,33,3.2382;2011,34,2.4009;2011,37,4.8956;2011,38,0.9227;2011,39,5.0563;2011,40,1.7676;2011,41,2.6926;2011,42,2.9574;2011,43,1.3464;2011,174,1.6;2011,436,3.5647;2011,477,3.618;2011,172,5.1899;2011,173,1.4296;2011,469,3.2722;2011,169,1.2619;2011,170,3.9589;2011,171,6.6862;2011,166,3.4392;2011,168,0.6068;2011,143,2.2993;2011,164,2.7225;2011,167,0.7565;2011,160,5.0057;2011,462,2.7203;2011,201,4.4792;2011,467,6.6421;2011,473,5.1481;2011,65,9.567;2011,259,5.4783;2011,158,2.8914;2011,202,2.4915;2011,276,6.0499;2011,3,5.9817;2011,253,6;2011,151,1.2168;2011,153,2.6242;2011,149,7.8704;2011,150,2.3495;2011,94,1.8712;2011,147,1.1567;2011,148,3.0985;2011,139,5.7761;2011,145,2.3882;2011,146,4.4038;2011,138,3.2411;2011,144,2;2011,135,3.5717;2011,136,4.9802;2011,137,3.5878;2011,134,3.5762;2011,8,6.0452;2011,14,6.6624;2011,132,4.3064;2011,129,3.9676;2011,131,3.7166;2011,126,3.0898;2011,125,3.7513;2011,121,1.1947;2011,66,5.992;2011,116,3.7468;2011,117,1.9125;2011,118,3.7871;2011,115,2.0971;2011,114,5.0958;2011,213,2.6333;2011,113,5.0962;2011,35355,1.5621;2011,109,1.1366;2011,110,7.0236;2011,142,3.8338;2011,107,2.9805;2011,105,4.1177;2011,103,2.0325;2011,104,1.3976;2011,128,4.3415;2011,450,7.921;2011,464,9.4883;2011,277,9.1032;2011,101,2.3959;2011,98,5.1936;2011,99,1.9681;2011,100,2.564;2011,96,3.6776;2011,97,7.298;2011,95,5.8855;2011,12,5.0944;2011,91,5.5195;2011,92,5.1504;2011,89,3.7171;2011,87,1.87;2011,195,2.1964;2011,81,2.6061;2011,82,3.5583;2011,295,5.0693;2011,127,6.5774;2011,465,2.6426;2011,9,7.58;2011,470,3.672;2011,475,6.598;2011,79,3.7202;2011,141,3.5699;2011,234,4.1331;2011,78,3.7321;2012,15,2.439;2012,17,1.6667;2012,19,0.7703;2012,21,6.6617;2012,23,8.9098;2012,25,2.2249;2012,28,4.4206;2012,31,4.5437;2012,32,3.296;2012,33,3.6893;2012,34,3.0137;2012,37,4.786;2012,38,0.9772;2012,39,5.5605;2012,40,2.3336;2012,41,2.1041;2012,42,3.0892;2012,43,1.4217;2012,174,3;2012,436,3.4147;2012,477,3.5702;2012,172,6.2435;2012,173,1.2211;2012,469,3.3083;2012,169,1.2273;2012,170,4.8066;2012,171,6.7392;2012,166,3.7914;2012,168,0.6079;2012,143,2.3515;2012,164,3.1651;2012,167,0.7567;2012,160,4.1266;2012,462,2.7088;2012,201,4.2178;2012,467,6.7019;2012,473,5.5011;2012,65,9.5296;2012,259,6.3968;2012,158,2.895;2012,202,2.5026;2012,276,6.4945;2012,3,5.9517;2012,253,6;2012,151,0.8526;2012,153,2.7419;2012,149,7.4907;2012,150,2.5386;2012,94,1.7399;2012,147,1.2;2012,148,2.8882;2012,139,5.9734;2012,145,2.4524;2012,146,4.5279;2012,138,3.8074;2012,144,2;2012,135,4.1404;2012,136,5.136;2012,137,3.6909;2012,134,4.5468;2012,8,6.8133;2012,14,6.7388;2012,132,4.8762;2012,129,4.6643;2012,131,3.7703;2012,126,3.2219;2012,125,3.7367;2012,121,1.2981;2012,66,5.2322;2012,116,3.7972;2012,117,1.8453;2012,118,3.7933;2012,115,3.103;2012,114,4.9788;2012,213,2.6893;2012,113,5.6231;2012,35355,1.7778;2012,109,0.2807;2012,110,7.6015;2012,142,3.7951;2012,107,3.312;2012,105,3.7753;2012,103,1.8971;2012,104,1.0189;2012,128,5.0817;2012,450,8.3487;2012,464,9.4243;2012,277,8.6792;2012,101,2.3977;2012,98,4.95;2012,99,1.9778;2012,100,2.2493;2012,96,3.8449;2012,97,7.7851;2012,95,5.9995;2012,12,5.49;2012,91,5.7193;2012,92,4.4995;2012,89,3.9892;2012,87,1.59;2012,195,2.077;2012,81,2.7273;2012,82,4.8691;2012,295,5.1496;2012,127,6.3652;2012,465,2.7607;2012,9,7.9739;2012,470,3.769;2012,475,7.1005;2012,79,3.1746;2012,141,3.6057;2012,234,4.3622;2012,78,3.6769;2012,76,6.2517;2012,198,6.5202;2012,64,2.2525;2012,75,3.1781;2012,225,2.8451;2012,73,0.8768;2012,74,1.6724;2012,69,1.4982;2012,70,7.3505;2012,67,6.1938;2012,68,2.3043;2012,13,8.3487;2012,62,4.2925;2012,63,7.8513;2012,84,5.6353;2012,238,4.9924;2012,466,1.9103;2012,355,4.5174;2012,476,5.9517;2012,60,1.7255;2012,80,2.2581;2013,76,6.6592;2013,198,5.8835;2013,64,2.3643;2013,75,3.1463;2013,225,3.1192;2013,73,1.1404;2013,74,2.8233;2013,69,1.3788;2013,70,8.1382;2013,67,5.9938;2013,68,2.3011;2013,13,8.6232;2013,62,7.6505;2013,63,7.8812;2013,84,5.5728;2013,238,5.0436;2013,466,1.9256;2013,355,4.4996;2013,476,3.94;2013,60,1.1617;2013,80,2.2581;2013,15,2.498;2013,17,1.7778;2013,19,1.2744;2013,21,6.7187;2013,23,10.2177;2013,25,2.2808;2013,28,4.5317;2013,31,5.2229;2013,32,3.0317;2013,33,3.6985;2013,34,2.6633;2013,37,5.0071;2013,38,0.9664;2013,39,5.4945;2013,40,2.1993;2013,41,1.913;2013,42,3.1629;2013,43,1.1641;2013,174,2.1918;2013,436,3.7387;2013,477,3.6535;2013,172,6.2051;2013,173,1.7377;2013,469,3.6985;2013,169,1.2889;2013,170,3.8371;2013,171,6.7099;2013,166,3.3822;2013,168,0.6024;2013,143,2.4431;2013,164,3.4;2013,167,0.7582;2013,160,4.5123;2013,462,2.7265;2013,201,3.821;2013,467,6.6892;2013,473,5.0477;2013,65,9.5865;2013,259,6.1615;2013,158,2.731;2013,202,2.5183;2013,276,7.319;2013,253,6;2013,151,1.0501;2013,153,2.7419;2013,149,8.031;2013,150,2.6378;2013,94,1.5535;2013,147,1.25;2013,148,2.954;2013,139,6.1334;2013,145,2.8789;2013,146,4.9988;2013,138,3.2727;2013,144,2;2013,135,4.3363;2013,136,5.152;2013,137,3.607;2013,134,4.7162;2013,8,6.6342;2013,14,6.728;2013,132,4.2;2013,129,3.9955;2013,131,3.8512;2013,126,3.4438;2013,125,3.8315;2013,121,1.3092;2013,66,5.9916;2013,116,3.8763;2013,117,1.9174;2013,118,3.9699;2013,115,3.6576;2013,114,4.9522;2013,213,2.125;2013,113,5.4252;2013,35355,1.7368;2013,109,0.4733;2013,110,7.5433;2013,142,3.8374;2013,107,3.1709;2013,105,4.1563;2013,103,1.6454;2013,104,4.0379;2013,128,5.3035;2013,450,8.6232;2013,464,9.4896;2013,277,9.9201;2013,101,2.4373;2013,98,6.3;2013,99,1.9875;2013,100,2.3665;2013,96,3.8852;2013,97,7.7112;2013,95,5.9699;2013,12,4.9473;2013,91,5.3362;2013,92,4.7194;2013,89,4.0181;2013,87,1.87;2013,195,1.9534;2013,81,2.6087;2013,82,1.4723;2013,295,5.1374;2013,127,6.7638;2013,465,2.6443;2013,9,7.8169;2013,470,3.723;2013,475,7.0176;2013,79,3.306;2013,141,3.8897;2013,234,4.4965;2013,78,3.6603;2014,15,2.4409;2014,17,1.7778;2014,19,1.4064;2014,21,6.5042;2014,23,10.6827;2014,25,2.4646;2014,28,4.6226;2014,31,4.6309;2014,32,3.1393;2014,33,3.7635;2014,34,2.4201;2014,37,5.2013;2014,38,0.8362;2014,39,4.904;2014,40,2.4088;2014,41,2.8393;2014,42,3.2647;2014,43,1.0714;2014,174,2.1082;2014,436,3.6728;2014,477,4.0861;2014,172,6.0221;2014,173,1.5699;2014,469,3.7311;2014,169,1.2755;2014,170,4.7836;2014,171,6.8115;2014,166,3.9467;2014,168,0.5969;2014,143,2.4285;2014,164,3.4085;2014,167,0.7586;2014,160,4.4021;2014,462,2.8703;2014,201,3.8967;2014,467,6.7802;2014,473,5.2031;2014,65,9.53;2014,259,5.8935;2014,158,2.8148;2014,202,2.5339;2014,276,7.3339;2014,253,4.7004;2014,151,0.7041;2014,153,2.7431;2014,149,7.4837;2014,150,2.6964;2014,94,1.5647;2014,147,1.2969;2014,148,2.973;2014,139,6.4796;2014,145,2.5366;2014,146,5.2715;2014,138,3.2958;2014,144,2;2014,135,4.3478;2014,136,5.1348;2014,137,3.5845;2014,134,5.1049;2014,8,6.3148;2014,14,6.6978;2014,132,3.6667;2014,129,3.9543;2014,131,3.9569;2014,126,3.5016;2014,125,4.1786;2014,121,1.3216;2014,66,5.8949;2014,116,3.835;2014,117,1.6946;2014,118,4.1357;2014,115,3.167;2014,114,5.1348;2014,213,2.8786;2014,113,5.7123;2014,35355,1.652;2014,109,0.4137;2014,110,7.5;2014,142,3.8915;2014,107,3.3942;2014,105,4.3399;2014,103,2.1752;2014,104,4.2426;2014,128,5.0019;2014,450,8.4919;2014,464,9.2904;2014,277,10.2303;2014,101,2.4226;2014,98,6.7;2014,99,1.9973;2014,100,2.7813;2014,96,4.0019;2014,97,7.5953;2014,95,5.8191;2014,12,5.3621;2014,91,3.0594;2014,92,3.5505;2014,89,4.1417;2014,87,1.9625;2014,195,1.8297;2014,81,2.6512;2014,82,1.1658;2014,295,5.3456;2014,127,6.9131;2014,465,2.6861;2014,9,7.7985;2014,470,3.7232;2014,475,6.7794;2014,79,1.0821;2014,141,3.8377;2014,234,4.4341;2014,78,3.6932;2014,76,7.1808;2014,198,6.3907;2014,64,2.7382;2014,75,3.0586;2014,225,3.1186;2014,73,0.8771;2014,74,1.7633;2014,69,1.3024;2014,70,7.4856;2014,67,4.9882;2014,68,2.4947;2014,13,8.4919;2014,62,7.7412;2014,63,8.0544;2014,84,5.7538;2014,238,5.1106;2014,466,2.1503;2014,355,4.5569;2014,476,5.0749;2014,60,1.4949;2014,80,2.265
23719;1961,15,10800.0;1961,16,10224.0;1961,17,2232.0;1961,21,10789.0;1961,23,9759.0;1961,24,27262.0;1961,28,5768.0;1961,34978,33330.0;1961,33,11000.0;1961,34,6582.0;1961,37,7715.0;1961,39,20071.0;1961,44,10961.0;1961,172,16002.0;1961,171,10522.0;1961,34845,10522.0;1961,34979,8398.0;1961,170,20646.0;1961,163,7595.0;1961,267,22808.0;1961,128,20000.0;1961,167,6271.0;1961,161,35126.0;1961,201,7564.0;1961,65,26116.0;1961,34982,8000.0;1961,155,18164.0;1961,3,23960.0;1961,6,23640.0;1961,149,11702.0;1961,148,16667.0;1961,138,18866.0;1961,137,8796.0;1961,135,6974.0;1961,134,10124.0;1961,2,35211.0;1961,133,8963.0;1961,8,12690.0;1961,14,28547.0;1961,130,6497.0;1961,129,10669.0;1961,124,9375.0;1961,123,8420.0;1961,120,1895.0;1961,212,12838.0;1961,114,6667.0;1961,113,7470.0;1961,112,6471.0;1961,110,3608.0;1961,107,10588.0;1961,5,37541.0;1961,106,29185.0;1961,102,27845.0;1961,101,6417.0;1961,97,10929.0;1961,11,19691.0;1961,95,4106.0;1961,127,25594.0;1961,92,16482.0;1961,91,8697.0;1961,90,10588.0;1961,81,6207.0;1961,9,12026.0;1961,5396,17105.0;1961,10,28400.0;1961,7,31457.0;1961,77,4608.0;1961,71,3500.0;1961,70,10581.0;1961,1,32624.0;1961,64,10000.0;1961,13,16489.0;1961,63,6121.0;1961,270,9157.0;1961,61,11102.0;1961,34980,15391.0;1961,80,21505.0;1961,355,13282.0;1961,273,4457.0;1961,462,8043.0;1961,463,6271.0;1961,464,3345.0;1961,465,6346.0;1961,466,6667.0;1961,290,14018.0;1961,450,14822.0;1961,477,7471.0;1961,295,10591.0;1961,275,11040.0;1961,467,15165.0;1961,470,8412.0;1961,472,9457.0;1961,276,15860.0;1961,473,10863.0;1961,474,31786.0;1961,475,12159.0;1961,476,24650.0;1961,277,10280.0;1961,34981,10280.0;1961,318,23288.0;1961,454,8926.0;1961,34987,9833.0;1961,34988,8418.0;1961,34989,6576.0;1962,464,9196.0;1962,465,6939.0;1962,466,6667.0;1962,290,17044.0;1962,450,18247.0;1962,477,7846.0;1962,295,9985.0;1962,275,11894.0;1962,467,14288.0;1962,470,8892.0;1962,472,11736.0;1962,276,17668.0;1962,473,12444.0;1962,474,34048.0;1962,475,13833.0;1962,476,30198.0;1962,277,11488.0;1962,34981,11488.0;1962,318,26793.0;1962,454,8896.0;1962,34987,9815.0;1962,34988,9613.0;1962,34989,9819.0;1962,15,10800.0;1962,16,8405.0;1962,17,8354.0;1962,21,9559.0;1962,23,10940.0;1962,24,28830.0;1962,28,5445.0;1962,34978,38140.0;1962,33,10909.0;1962,34,6576.0;1962,37,9713.0;1962,39,19795.0;1962,44,16880.0;1962,172,17200.0;1962,171,11443.0;1962,34845,11443.0;1962,34979,8829.0;1962,170,22041.0;1962,163,13670.0;1962,267,25299.0;1962,128,20000.0;1962,167,6271.0;1962,161,39772.0;1962,201,7030.0;1962,65,26611.0;1962,34982,8000.0;1962,155,13150.0;1962,3,27581.0;1962,6,32451.0;1962,149,12568.0;1962,148,17143.0;1962,138,20870.0;1962,137,9511.0;1962,135,6955.0;1962,134,11253.0;1962,2,36731.0;1962,133,7407.0;1962,8,13616.0;1962,14,28169.0;1962,130,3400.0;1962,129,7142.0;1962,124,9704.0;1962,123,7000.0;1962,120,2198.0;1962,212,12878.0;1962,114,6667.0;1962,113,7844.0;1962,112,7391.0;1962,110,12216.0;1962,107,10256.0;1962,5,42987.0;1962,106,25879.0;1962,102,20889.0;1962,101,6217.0;1962,97,10364.0;1962,11,19834.0;1962,95,5362.0;1962,127,22990.0;1962,92,16740.0;1962,91,9167.0;1962,90,10455.0;1962,81,6935.0;1962,9,14916.0;1962,5396,9714.0;1962,10,26900.0;1962,7,35348.0;1962,77,11033.0;1962,71,5800.0;1962,70,12500.0;1962,1,36355.0;1962,64,10000.0;1962,13,18839.0;1962,63,8724.0;1962,270,11102.0;1962,61,11111.0;1962,34980,13533.0;1962,80,24189.0;1962,355,15254.0;1962,273,8859.0;1962,462,7999.0;1962,463,6271.0;1963,15,10800.0;1963,16,8770.0;1963,17,7431.0;1963,21,14674.0;1963,23,12080.0;1963,24,26952.0;1963,28,6937.0;1963,34978,37686.0;1963,33,11250.0;1963,34,6848.0;1963,37,6729.0;1963,39,17988.0;1963,44,19268.0;1963,172,17999.0;1963,171,10776.0;1963,34845,10776.0;1963,34979,13189.0;1963,170,20274.0;1963,163,13104.0;1963,267,23470.0;1963,128,17500.0;1963,167,5600.0;1963,161,36225.0;1963,201,7890.0;1963,65,26488.0;1963,34982,8000.0;1963,155,18769.0;1963,3,29088.0;1963,6,30346.0;1963,149,11834.0;1963,148,17500.0;1963,138,17877.0;1963,137,8016.0;1963,135,7048.0;1963,134,8781.0;1963,2,33921.0;1963,133,5570.0;1963,8,13736.0;1963,14,31125.0;1963,130,3037.0;1963,129,16051.0;1963,124,10000.0;1963,123,6000.0;1963,120,2614.0;1963,212,14553.0;1963,114,6667.0;1963,113,7986.0;1963,112,6667.0;1963,110,8907.0;1963,107,10732.0;1963,5,38264.0;1963,106,26933.0;1963,102,25823.0;1963,101,6317.0;1963,97,10217.0;1963,11,19760.0;1963,95,4852.0;1963,127,14398.0;1963,92,15676.0;1963,91,9048.0;1963,90,10556.0;1963,81,5286.0;1963,9,14309.0;1963,5396,6859.0;1963,10,25661.0;1963,7,29664.0;1963,77,9759.0;1963,71,7000.0;1963,70,15046.0;1963,1,35155.0;1963,64,13333.0;1963,13,18808.0;1963,63,3909.0;1963,270,8901.0;1963,61,11129.0;1963,34980,14971.0;1963,80,30850.0;1963,355,14286.0;1963,273,7942.0;1963,462,8115.0;1963,463,5600.0;1963,464,7949.0;1963,465,5324.0;1963,466,6667.0;1963,290,17668.0;1963,450,18971.0;1963,477,7988.0;1963,295,12408.0;1963,275,11463.0;1963,467,13426.0;1963,470,7942.0;1963,472,12575.0;1963,276,15644.0;1963,473,10086.0;1963,474,32737.0;1963,475,13635.0;1963,476,29866.0;1963,277,12698.0;1963,34981,12698.0;1963,318,26403.0;1963,454,8924.0;1963,34987,9881.0;1963,34988,8666.0;1963,34989,8755.0;1964,464,6671.0;1964,465,7840.0;1964,466,7000.0;1964,290,17615.0;1964,450,18915.0;1964,477,8059.0;1964,295,12197.0;1964,275,11319.0;1964,467,15566.0;1964,470,7558.0;1964,472,10433.0;1964,276,17755.0;1964,473,12796.0;1964,474,35119.0;1964,475,13477.0;1964,476,31072.0;1964,277,14307.0;1964,34981,14307.0;1964,318,27577.0;1964,454,8995.0;1964,34987,9894.0;1964,34988,8175.0;1964,34989,8331.0;1964,15,10857.0;1964,16,10258.0;1964,17,4933.0;1964,21,14948.0;1964,23,13390.0;1964,24,26638.0;1964,28,5532.0;1964,34978,41853.0;1964,33,11250.0;1964,34,6624.0;1964,37,9199.0;1964,39,21344.0;1964,44,16495.0;1964,172,19100.0;1964,171,12647.0;1964,34845,12647.0;1964,34979,12847.0;1964,170,19595.0;1964,163,9314.0;1964,267,20953.0;1964,128,20000.0;1964,167,5029.0;1964,161,41049.0;1964,201,4933.0;1964,65,26850.0;1964,34982,8103.0;1964,155,14659.0;1964,3,28774.0;1964,6,33476.0;1964,149,14491.0;1964,148,17778.0;1964,138,15675.0;1964,137,7347.0;1964,135,7180.0;1964,134,7787.0;1964,2,29987.0;1964,133,15941.0;1964,8,12798.0;1964,14,25147.0;1964,130,10621.0;1964,129,17733.0;1964,124,10000.0;1964,123,5714.0;1964,120,2514.0;1964,212,13569.0;1964,114,7000.0;1964,113,8057.0;1964,112,6706.0;1964,110,8025.0;1964,107,10909.0;1964,5,43150.0;1964,106,34446.0;1964,102,26413.0;1964,101,6293.0;1964,97,10195.0;1964,11,17008.0;1964,95,4121.0;1964,127,22557.0;1964,92,17821.0;1964,91,10433.0;1964,90,10538.0;1964,81,7966.0;1964,9,13953.0;1964,5396,7735.0;1964,10,31333.0;1964,7,35043.0;1964,77,8324.0;1964,71,4286.0;1964,70,11636.0;1964,1,36943.0;1964,64,12000.0;1964,13,20209.0;1964,63,10180.0;1964,270,12139.0;1964,61,11157.0;1964,34980,14472.0;1964,80,37472.0;1964,355,15512.0;1964,273,7054.0;1964,462,8225.0;1964,463,5029.0;1965,15,10857.0;1965,16,9865.0;1965,17,6010.0;1965,21,10529.0;1965,23,10204.0;1965,24,23758.0;1965,28,5907.0;1965,34978,37648.0;1965,33,11200.0;1965,34,6122.0;1965,37,8182.0;1965,39,23574.0;1965,44,19187.0;1965,172,19333.0;1965,171,14796.0;1965,34845,14797.0;1965,34979,12602.0;1965,170,19531.0;1965,163,17202.0;1965,267,21397.0;1965,128,18000.0;1965,167,4547.0;1965,161,39615.0;1965,201,5921.0;1965,65,24642.0;1965,34982,8202.0;1965,155,19889.0;1965,3,30363.0;1965,6,29678.0;1965,149,16603.0;1965,148,18000.0;1965,138,20201.0;1965,137,9400.0;1965,135,7192.0;1965,134,8069.0;1965,2,32788.0;1965,133,12935.0;1965,8,15290.0;1965,14,29228.0;1965,130,11030.0;1965,129,14081.0;1965,124,9333.0;1965,123,6000.0;1965,120,3527.0;1965,212,17540.0;1965,114,6667.0;1965,113,8539.0;1965,112,6719.0;1965,110,8544.0;1965,107,10833.0;1965,5,37810.0;1965,106,30085.0;1965,102,25656.0;1965,101,6368.0;1965,97,10157.0;1965,11,20988.0;1965,95,5735.0;1965,127,24511.0;1965,92,20854.0;1965,91,11000.0;1965,90,10200.0;1965,81,5000.0;1965,9,13762.0;1965,5396,8598.0;1965,10,30897.0;1965,7,30817.0;1965,77,10120.0;1965,71,6250.0;1965,70,11913.0;1965,1,37517.0;1965,64,12500.0;1965,13,23071.0;1965,63,9835.0;1965,270,9464.0;1965,61,11176.0;1965,34980,16840.0;1965,80,38191.0;1965,355,15479.0;1965,273,7674.0;1965,462,8270.0;1965,463,4547.0;1965,464,7543.0;1965,465,5041.0;1965,466,6667.0;1965,290,19620.0;1965,450,21516.0;1965,477,8542.0;1965,295,9939.0;1965,275,12513.0;1965,467,17910.0;1965,470,8752.0;1965,472,10914.0;1965,276,16895.0;1965,473,10773.0;1965,474,35556.0;1965,475,14229.0;1965,476,30190.0;1965,277,10929.0;1965,34981,10929.0;1965,318,28250.0;1965,454,9067.0;1965,34987,9794.0;1965,34988,9465.0;1965,34989,8748.0;1966,464,3693.0;1966,465,6140.0;1966,466,6667.0;1966,290,19369.0;1966,450,21062.0;1966,477,9143.0;1966,295,9722.0;1966,275,11805.0;1966,467,16115.0;1966,470,8402.0;1966,472,11603.0;1966,276,19131.0;1966,473,14202.0;1966,474,32801.0;1966,475,15533.0;1966,476,29107.0;1966,277,14461.0;1966,34981,14461.0;1966,318,27309.0;1966,454,9085.0;1966,34987,9800.0;1966,34988,8872.0;1966,34989,5937.0;1966,15,10714.0;1966,16,12000.0;1966,17,3294.0;1966,21,10665.0;1966,23,13819.0;1966,24,30696.0;1966,28,5571.0;1966,34978,30406.0;1966,33,11200.0;1966,34,6452.0;1966,37,8429.0;1966,39,25585.0;1966,44,21721.0;1966,172,22751.0;1966,171,10484.0;1966,34845,10483.0;1966,34979,13627.0;1966,170,17273.0;1966,163,6276.0;1966,267,23419.0;1966,128,16667.0;1966,167,4548.0;1966,161,37410.0;1966,201,5369.0;1966,65,24895.0;1966,34982,8303.0;1966,155,18577.0;1966,3,28093.0;1966,6,29816.0;1966,149,19814.0;1966,148,16667.0;1966,138,18714.0;1966,137,9023.0;1966,135,7101.0;1966,134,8321.0;1966,2,34172.0;1966,133,4335.0;1966,8,14140.0;1966,14,28484.0;1966,130,3534.0;1966,129,16133.0;1966,124,9000.0;1966,123,6400.0;1966,120,3293.0;1966,212,12684.0;1966,114,6667.0;1966,113,9141.0;1966,112,7063.0;1966,110,3369.0;1966,107,10487.0;1966,5,34706.0;1966,106,33567.0;1966,102,21560.0;1966,101,5369.0;1966,97,8653.0;1966,11,20619.0;1966,95,4471.0;1966,127,29558.0;1966,92,19654.0;1966,91,11436.0;1966,90,10190.0;1966,81,6129.0;1966,9,14997.0;1966,5396,10737.0;1966,10,24770.0;1966,7,33333.0;1966,77,6042.0;1966,71,4000.0;1966,70,14022.0;1966,1,35162.0;1966,64,12500.0;1966,13,20582.0;1966,63,6534.0;1966,270,13224.0;1966,61,11197.0;1966,34980,18096.0;1966,80,37500.0;1966,355,16535.0;1966,273,4860.0;1966,462,8388.0;1966,463,4548.0;1967,15,11297.0;1967,16,9905.0;1967,17,6086.0;1967,21,11850.0;1967,23,7897.0;1967,24,33328.0;1967,28,6696.0;1967,34978,40320.0;1967,33,11111.0;1967,34,6512.0;1967,37,7347.0;1967,39,25466.0;1967,44,16751.0;1967,172,23321.0;1967,171,14388.0;1967,34845,14388.0;1967,34979,14411.0;1967,170,15607.0;1967,163,10759.0;1967,267,27339.0;1967,128,13684.0;1967,167,4546.0;1967,161,37460.0;1967,201,5653.0;1967,65,17620.0;1967,34982,8421.0;1967,155,19682.0;1967,3,35037.0;1967,6,35797.0;1967,149,22028.0;1967,148,14769.0;1967,138,20869.0;1967,137,8314.0;1967,135,6900.0;1967,134,8550.0;1967,2,37061.0;1967,133,12921.0;1967,8,16315.0;1967,14,29302.0;1967,130,8289.0;1967,129,6669.0;1967,124,11755.0;1967,123,5200.0;1967,120,3015.0;1967,212,14558.0;1967,114,6667.0;1967,113,8529.0;1967,112,7368.0;1967,110,7224.0;1967,107,10487.0;1967,5,41570.0;1967,106,36006.0;1967,102,27181.0;1967,101,5435.0;1967,97,9315.0;1967,11,21629.0;1967,95,6952.0;1967,127,27443.0;1967,92,20646.0;1967,91,11624.0;1967,90,14674.0;1967,81,6538.0;1967,9,17174.0;1967,5396,10946.0;1967,10,29506.0;1967,7,37517.0;1967,77,9133.0;1967,71,3400.0;1967,70,13945.0;1967,1,37778.0;1967,64,13029.0;1967,13,21785.0;1967,63,4537.0;1967,270,11864.0;1967,61,11293.0;1967,34980,17668.0;1967,80,37778.0;1967,355,16955.0;1967,273,6914.0;1967,462,8425.0;1967,463,4546.0;1967,464,6490.0;1967,465,6497.0;1967,466,6667.0;1967,290,17956.0;1967,450,19429.0;1967,477,8530.0;1967,295,10553.0;1967,275,12268.0;1967,467,18986.0;1967,470,7981.0;1967,472,11934.0;1967,276,20031.0;1967,473,13200.0;1967,474,35088.0;1967,475,17394.0;1967,476,35549.0;1967,277,8853.0;1967,34981,8853.0;1967,318,30845.0;1967,454,9297.0;1967,34987,10198.0;1967,34988,8696.0;1967,34989,7891.0;1968,464,11394.0;1968,465,5758.0;1968,466,6875.0;1968,290,19963.0;1968,450,21773.0;1968,477,10037.0;1968,295,10139.0;1968,275,12110.0;1968,467,16991.0;1968,470,9320.0;1968,472,11798.0;1968,276,20817.0;1968,473,14921.0;1968,474,34862.0;1968,475,16355.0;1968,476,34530.0;1968,277,13291.0;1968,34981,13291.0;1968,318,29784.0;1968,454,9272.0;1968,34987,10083.0;1968,34988,9768.0;1968,34989,11692.0;1968,15,11388.0;1968,16,8144.0;1968,17,7434.0;1968,21,10319.0;1968,23,12277.0;1968,24,32298.0;1968,28,6599.0;1968,34978,37166.0;1968,33,11034.0;1968,34,6604.0;1968,37,8344.0;1968,39,20073.0;1968,44,19811.0;1968,172,21867.0;1968,171,10687.0;1968,34845,10686.0;1968,34979,13957.0;1968,170,16000.0;1968,163,6276.0;1968,267,29750.0;1968,128,12632.0;1968,167,6733.0;1968,161,40251.0;1968,201,5629.0;1968,65,19385.0;1968,34982,8387.0;1968,155,20008.0;1968,3,32861.0;1968,6,36844.0;1968,149,14182.0;1968,148,14778.0;1968,138,23426.0;1968,137,10380.0;1968,135,7099.0;1968,134,12400.0;1968,2,41043.0;1968,133,6363.0;1968,8,14722.0;1968,14,32305.0;1968,130,2762.0;1968,129,11182.0;1968,208,15000.0;1968,124,8592.0;1968,123,5000.0;1968,120,2459.0;1968,212,13194.0;1968,114,6875.0;1968,113,10035.0;1968,112,4380.0;1968,110,15044.0;1968,107,9076.0;1968,5,36379.0;1968,106,34968.0;1968,102,35319.0;1968,101,6221.0;1968,97,8408.0;1968,11,23554.0;1968,95,6985.0;1968,127,29542.0;1968,92,20193.0;1968,91,8490.0;1968,90,5078.0;1968,81,5781.0;1968,9,17894.0;1968,10,31908.0;1968,7,37070.0;1968,77,8114.0;1968,71,5167.0;1968,70,13040.0;1968,1,34447.0;1968,64,12000.0;1968,13,23557.0;1968,63,12148.0;1968,270,13740.0;1968,248,7032.0;1968,61,11304.0;1968,34980,14423.0;1968,80,38000.0;1968,355,17931.0;1968,273,10709.0;1968,462,8436.0;1968,463,6733.0;1969,15,11514.0;1969,16,8333.0;1969,17,6334.0;1969,21,12473.0;1969,23,11167.0;1969,24,34097.0;1969,28,6466.0;1969,34978,35820.0;1969,33,11034.0;1969,34,6718.0;1969,37,10349.0;1969,39,21987.0;1969,44,21345.0;1969,172,18061.0;1969,171,10522.0;1969,34845,10522.0;1969,34979,11627.0;1969,170,15551.0;1969,163,14064.0;1969,267,32061.0;1969,128,12222.0;1969,167,7621.0;1969,161,40276.0;1969,201,6181.0;1969,65,18871.0;1969,34982,8511.0;1969,155,22544.0;1969,3,33067.0;1969,6,35487.0;1969,149,15860.0;1969,148,14700.0;1969,138,23812.0;1969,137,8788.0;1969,135,7117.0;1969,134,12840.0;1969,2,39723.0;1969,133,8106.0;1969,8,16672.0;1969,14,28686.0;1969,130,7453.0;1969,129,11896.0;1969,208,16667.0;1969,124,8138.0;1969,123,5828.0;1969,120,3470.0;1969,212,12682.0;1969,114,6875.0;1969,113,8674.0;1969,112,2680.0;1969,110,9855.0;1969,107,9141.0;1969,5,39198.0;1969,106,36595.0;1969,102,26292.0;1969,101,6226.0;1969,97,9007.0;1969,11,25667.0;1969,95,4605.0;1969,127,30430.0;1969,92,17683.0;1969,91,8649.0;1969,90,7778.0;1969,81,3448.0;1969,9,18376.0;1969,10,26546.0;1969,7,36041.0;1969,77,10013.0;1969,71,6667.0;1969,70,14140.0;1969,1,35903.0;1969,64,6067.0;1969,13,24039.0;1969,63,10942.0;1969,270,13361.0;1969,248,6019.0;1969,61,11239.0;1969,34980,15285.0;1969,80,33333.0;1969,355,17821.0;1969,273,8383.0;1969,462,8560.0;1969,463,7621.0;1969,464,8419.0;1969,465,3505.0;1969,466,6875.0;1969,290,20970.0;1969,450,22707.0;1969,477,8676.0;1969,295,10846.0;1969,275,12150.0;1969,467,16443.0;1969,470,8324.0;1969,472,13076.0;1969,276,20259.0;1969,473,14666.0;1969,474,34751.0;1969,475,17151.0;1969,476,34233.0;1969,277,12187.0;1969,34981,12187.0;1969,318,29994.0;1969,454,9361.0;1969,34987,10122.0;1969,34988,9091.0;1969,34989,9454.0;1970,464,8469.0;1970,465,7425.0;1970,466,6875.0;1970,290,21029.0;1970,450,22621.0;1970,477,10605.0;1970,295,10009.0;1970,275,11159.0;1970,467,16382.0;1970,470,8927.0;1970,472,9618.0;1970,276,21084.0;1970,473,17410.0;1970,474,33043.0;1970,475,14713.0;1970,476,29599.0;1970,277,12282.0;1970,34981,12282.0;1970,318,27005.0;1970,454,9457.0;1970,34987,10376.0;1970,34988,8147.0;1970,34989,9400.0;1970,15,11746.0;1970,16,10778.0;1970,17,6685.0;1970,21,10303.0;1970,23,11755.0;1970,24,31468.0;1970,28,6542.0;1970,34978,30451.0;1970,33,11000.0;1970,34,6627.0;1970,37,10675.0;1970,39,28933.0;1970,44,22202.0;1970,172,20557.0;1970,171,11396.0;1970,34845,11395.0;1970,34979,15672.0;1970,170,17045.0;1970,163,7735.0;1970,267,28442.0;1970,128,13333.0;1970,167,7900.0;1970,161,35612.0;1970,201,5965.0;1970,65,22723.0;1970,34982,8579.0;1970,155,23133.0;1970,3,27772.0;1970,6,31587.0;1970,149,21478.0;1970,148,14636.0;1970,138,19476.0;1970,137,9824.0;1970,135,7019.0;1970,134,11367.0;1970,2,36495.0;1970,133,7798.0;1970,8,17548.0;1970,14,25354.0;1970,130,1356.0;1970,129,14800.0;1970,208,20000.0;1970,124,9036.0;1970,123,4712.0;1970,120,2446.0;1970,212,12110.0;1970,114,6875.0;1970,113,10603.0;1970,112,5921.0;1970,110,10210.0;1970,107,9278.0;1970,5,31947.0;1970,106,31106.0;1970,102,31541.0;1970,101,6583.0;1970,97,9121.0;1970,11,23254.0;1970,95,5181.0;1970,127,30263.0;1970,92,17802.0;1970,90,10667.0;1970,81,7500.0;1970,9,13953.0;1970,10,31220.0;1970,7,34704.0;1970,77,2086.0;1970,71,5033.0;1970,70,12621.0;1970,1,33566.0;1970,64,9333.0;1970,13,23049.0;1970,63,10974.0;1970,270,16490.0;1970,248,5986.0;1970,61,11351.0;1970,34980,14357.0;1970,80,35714.0;1970,355,18054.0;1970,273,8503.0;1970,462,8670.0;1970,463,7900.0;1971,15,11270.0;1971,16,8333.0;1971,17,5106.0;1971,21,11550.0;1971,23,12089.0;1971,24,34475.0;1971,28,7097.0;1971,34978,38949.0;1971,33,11000.0;1971,34,6704.0;1971,37,8292.0;1971,39,28870.0;1971,44,23152.0;1971,172,21643.0;1971,171,12607.0;1971,34845,12607.0;1971,34979,14451.0;1971,170,19281.0;1971,163,15189.0;1971,267,33604.0;1971,128,14444.0;1971,167,8000.0;1971,161,39846.0;1971,201,5726.0;1971,65,24118.0;1971,34982,8737.0;1971,155,25864.0;1971,3,33541.0;1971,6,37294.0;1971,149,20532.0;1971,148,14917.0;1971,138,26227.0;1971,137,10900.0;1971,135,6231.0;1971,134,10916.0;1971,2,42177.0;1971,133,11136.0;1971,8,20157.0;1971,14,30771.0;1971,130,4982.0;1971,129,9200.0;1971,208,20000.0;1971,124,8722.0;1971,123,3486.0;1971,120,1928.0;1971,212,13788.0;1971,114,6875.0;1971,113,12221.0;1971,112,9099.0;1971,110,12723.0;1971,107,9269.0;1971,5,37924.0;1971,106,31866.0;1971,102,31795.0;1971,101,6463.0;1971,97,8689.0;1971,11,27259.0;1971,95,9229.0;1971,226,36750.0;1971,127,30974.0;1971,92,23892.0;1971,90,8946.0;1971,81,6957.0;1971,9,20178.0;1971,10,33623.0;1971,7,42488.0;1971,77,4372.0;1971,71,5832.0;1971,70,16219.0;1971,1,37400.0;1971,64,12667.0;1971,13,24617.0;1971,63,6105.0;1971,270,14737.0;1971,248,6479.0;1971,61,11216.0;1971,34980,16571.0;1971,80,41250.0;1971,355,19397.0;1971,273,9683.0;1971,462,8774.0;1971,463,8000.0;1971,464,10001.0;1971,465,6882.0;1971,466,6875.0;1971,290,22258.0;1971,450,23767.0;1971,477,12223.0;1971,295,10518.0;1971,275,12915.0;1971,467,17487.0;1971,470,9254.0;1971,472,13450.0;1971,276,22056.0;1971,473,16370.0;1971,474,36709.0;1971,475,19575.0;1971,476,35392.0;1971,277,12704.0;1971,34981,12704.0;1971,318,31613.0;1971,454,9445.0;1971,34987,10125.0;1971,34988,9594.0;1971,34989,10738.0;1972,464,10383.0;1972,465,6413.0;1972,466,6667.0;1972,290,21456.0;1972,450,22826.0;1972,477,14263.0;1972,295,12401.0;1972,275,13021.0;1972,467,17426.0;1972,470,9067.0;1972,472,14070.0;1972,276,20127.0;1972,473,14048.0;1972,474,37321.0;1972,475,17618.0;1972,476,39107.0;1972,277,9223.0;1972,34981,9223.0;1972,318,32681.0;1972,454,9399.0;1972,34987,9631.0;1972,34988,10265.0;1972,34989,10679.0;1972,15,10938.0;1972,16,9059.0;1972,17,6791.0;1972,21,14637.0;1972,23,8070.0;1972,24,32998.0;1972,28,7422.0;1972,34978,41858.0;1972,33,11290.0;1972,34,6941.0;1972,37,7788.0;1972,39,32021.0;1972,44,22293.0;1972,172,20720.0;1972,171,12682.0;1972,34845,12682.0;1972,34979,14278.0;1972,170,15433.0;1972,163,11464.0;1972,267,31178.0;1972,128,12444.0;1972,167,7407.0;1972,161,39628.0;1972,201,6169.0;1972,65,26750.0;1972,34982,8737.0;1972,155,24484.0;1972,3,39111.0;1972,6,39638.0;1972,149,21369.0;1972,148,14815.0;1972,138,27616.0;1972,137,10496.0;1972,135,6643.0;1972,134,14519.0;1972,2,38989.0;1972,133,14865.0;1972,8,20483.0;1972,14,26799.0;1972,130,5617.0;1972,129,11839.0;1972,208,18889.0;1972,124,9656.0;1972,123,3500.0;1972,120,7099.0;1972,212,16660.0;1972,114,6667.0;1972,113,14263.0;1972,112,4986.0;1972,110,12605.0;1972,107,9250.0;1972,5,40944.0;1972,106,34851.0;1972,102,28863.0;1972,101,6577.0;1972,97,9017.0;1972,11,27040.0;1972,95,7002.0;1972,226,50750.0;1972,127,31288.0;1972,92,25642.0;1972,90,6097.0;1972,81,6471.0;1972,9,17298.0;1972,10,31798.0;1972,7,40092.0;1972,77,11973.0;1972,71,7152.0;1972,70,14882.0;1972,1,40403.0;1972,64,14667.0;1972,13,23517.0;1972,63,9243.0;1972,270,12447.0;1972,248,6127.0;1972,61,11456.0;1972,34980,16793.0;1972,80,38889.0;1972,355,18228.0;1972,273,9995.0;1972,462,8812.0;1972,463,7407.0;1973,15,11250.0;1973,16,10112.0;1973,17,4759.0;1973,21,14593.0;1973,23,12653.0;1973,24,34189.0;1973,28,6293.0;1973,34978,44942.0;1973,33,10938.0;1973,34,6968.0;1973,37,7186.0;1973,39,29850.0;1973,44,21126.0;1973,172,16813.0;1973,171,10765.0;1973,34845,10765.0;1973,34979,15034.0;1973,170,15553.0;1973,163,1735.0;1973,267,34004.0;1973,128,16111.0;1973,167,6522.0;1973,161,37593.0;1973,201,8520.0;1973,65,26779.0;1973,34982,8200.0;1973,155,21687.0;1973,3,39117.0;1973,6,40077.0;1973,149,20581.0;1973,148,15000.0;1973,138,30087.0;1973,137,9715.0;1973,135,7046.0;1973,134,9955.0;1973,2,37255.0;1973,133,8424.0;1973,8,22143.0;1973,14,27038.0;1973,130,3075.0;1973,129,12095.0;1973,208,18333.0;1973,124,8880.0;1973,123,3500.0;1973,120,7144.0;1973,212,17237.0;1973,114,7500.0;1973,113,14949.0;1973,112,11297.0;1973,110,6156.0;1973,107,9148.0;1973,5,42485.0;1973,106,38679.0;1973,102,31116.0;1973,101,6624.0;1973,97,9011.0;1973,11,29166.0;1973,95,7030.0;1973,226,38000.0;1973,127,30093.0;1973,92,23187.0;1973,90,19082.0;1973,81,5246.0;1973,9,15873.0;1973,10,28967.0;1973,7,39515.0;1973,77,1115.0;1973,71,6057.0;1973,70,12058.0;1973,1,39722.0;1973,64,11308.0;1973,13,21808.0;1973,63,9073.0;1973,270,17211.0;1973,248,6690.0;1973,61,11011.0;1973,34980,20610.0;1973,80,38000.0;1973,355,19371.0;1973,273,6583.0;1973,462,8342.0;1973,463,6522.0;1973,464,6126.0;1973,465,5218.0;1973,466,7500.0;1973,290,20348.0;1973,450,21442.0;1973,477,14949.0;1973,295,12235.0;1973,275,10735.0;1973,467,14873.0;1973,470,8874.0;1973,472,9038.0;1973,276,22795.0;1973,473,18414.0;1973,474,35894.0;1973,475,16925.0;1973,476,39467.0;1973,277,13628.0;1973,34981,13628.0;1973,318,32006.0;1973,454,9061.0;1973,34987,10284.0;1973,34988,8003.0;1973,34989,7486.0;1974,464,9345.0;1974,465,9316.0;1974,466,7619.0;1974,290,18295.0;1974,450,19154.0;1974,477,14445.0;1974,295,11296.0;1974,275,12102.0;1974,467,18169.0;1974,470,8377.0;1974,472,11865.0;1974,276,22624.0;1974,473,17648.0;1974,474,39382.0;1974,475,19053.0;1974,476,39976.0;1974,277,14412.0;1974,34981,14412.0;1974,318,33654.0;1974,454,8908.0;1974,34987,9848.0;1974,34988,9079.0;1974,34989,10124.0;1974,15,11170.0;1974,16,10000.0;1974,17,4802.0;1974,21,11663.0;1974,23,13777.0;1974,24,38774.0;1974,28,6306.0;1974,34978,45418.0;1974,33,11143.0;1974,34,6963.0;1974,37,7398.0;1974,39,34286.0;1974,44,18409.0;1974,172,18737.0;1974,171,14814.0;1974,34845,14815.0;1974,34979,9780.0;1974,170,16396.0;1974,163,15189.0;1974,267,39246.0;1974,128,17647.0;1974,167,9095.0;1974,161,41530.0;1974,201,9228.0;1974,65,27439.0;1974,34982,8000.0;1974,155,21736.0;1974,3,37030.0;1974,6,42834.0;1974,149,23519.0;1974,148,15200.0;1974,138,33037.0;1974,137,8947.0;1974,135,6721.0;1974,134,10270.0;1974,2,42152.0;1974,133,10852.0;1974,8,24681.0;1974,14,30077.0;1974,130,6196.0;1974,129,11923.0;1974,208,20000.0;1974,124,13885.0;1974,123,3500.0;1974,120,4337.0;1974,212,16840.0;1974,114,7619.0;1974,113,14444.0;1974,112,6820.0;1974,110,11957.0;1974,107,9302.0;1974,5,43006.0;1974,106,27721.0;1974,102,38129.0;1974,101,6817.0;1974,97,8911.0;1974,11,31769.0;1974,95,7989.0;1974,226,43200.0;1974,127,27384.0;1974,92,22770.0;1974,90,14751.0;1974,81,9403.0;1974,9,17855.0;1974,10,39605.0;1974,7,45645.0;1974,77,9405.0;1974,71,6514.0;1974,70,12907.0;1974,1,41246.0;1974,64,9000.0;1974,13,20263.0;1974,63,12650.0;1974,270,16036.0;1974,248,6667.0;1974,61,11114.0;1974,34980,24061.0;1974,80,39448.0;1974,355,19525.0;1974,273,9082.0;1974,462,8139.0;1974,463,9095.0;1975,15,12000.0;1975,16,9804.0;1975,17,8690.0;1975,21,11912.0;1975,23,13650.0;1975,24,31896.0;1975,28,6406.0;1975,34978,33967.0;1975,33,11143.0;1975,34,7133.0;1975,37,10729.0;1975,39,29573.0;1975,44,21311.0;1975,172,18217.0;1975,171,17603.0;1975,34845,17606.0;1975,34979,9000.0;1975,170,16111.0;1975,163,17260.0;1975,267,31999.0;1975,128,16471.0;1975,167,11994.0;1975,161,35739.0;1975,201,8776.0;1975,65,28250.0;1975,34982,8200.0;1975,155,26765.0;1975,3,33731.0;1975,6,39669.0;1975,149,23177.0;1975,148,15190.0;1975,138,27293.0;1975,137,10866.0;1975,135,9386.0;1975,134,7703.0;1975,2,41571.0;1975,133,7405.0;1975,8,25711.0;1975,14,28284.0;1975,130,2223.0;1975,129,11566.0;1975,208,19231.0;1975,124,13333.0;1975,123,2917.0;1975,120,5205.0;1975,212,18124.0;1975,114,7727.0;1975,113,15369.0;1975,112,11892.0;1975,110,8606.0;1975,107,9299.0;1975,5,40408.0;1975,106,25157.0;1975,102,24770.0;1975,101,7076.0;1975,97,9131.0;1975,11,27252.0;1975,95,8603.0;1975,226,49000.0;1975,127,33206.0;1975,92,21532.0;1975,90,23675.0;1975,81,9324.0;1975,9,20625.0;1975,10,31455.0;1975,7,38548.0;1975,77,5898.0;1975,71,8860.0;1975,70,17308.0;1975,1,36303.0;1975,64,10000.0;1975,13,23673.0;1975,63,7546.0;1975,270,10120.0;1975,248,6667.0;1975,61,11002.0;1975,34980,19517.0;1975,80,47461.0;1975,355,16977.0;1975,273,8543.0;1975,462,8546.0;1975,463,11994.0;1975,464,8527.0;1975,465,9222.0;1975,466,7727.0;1975,290,20930.0;1975,450,22347.0;1975,477,15368.0;1975,295,11210.0;1975,275,13883.0;1975,467,21981.0;1975,470,10306.0;1975,472,13086.0;1975,276,17826.0;1975,473,11913.0;1975,474,34608.0;1975,475,20751.0;1975,476,36409.0;1975,277,14144.0;1975,34981,14144.0;1975,318,31034.0;1975,454,9343.0;1975,34987,11087.0;1975,34988,9584.0;1975,34989,8990.0;1976,464,9944.0;1976,465,8213.0;1976,466,7826.0;1976,290,22608.0;1976,450,24267.0;1976,477,15108.0;1976,295,12831.0;1976,275,15271.0;1976,467,24067.0;1976,470,11278.0;1976,472,14666.0;1976,276,22648.0;1976,473,19779.0;1976,474,33447.0;1976,475,18229.0;1976,476,34409.0;1976,277,13021.0;1976,34981,13021.0;1976,318,29868.0;1976,454,10788.0;1976,34987,11188.0;1976,34988,10720.0;1976,34989,11208.0;1976,15,12903.0;1976,16,14286.0;1976,17,6314.0;1976,21,15963.0;1976,23,12266.0;1976,24,39647.0;1976,28,6701.0;1976,34978,41294.0;1976,33,11000.0;1976,34,7914.0;1976,37,12691.0;1976,39,33997.0;1976,44,24149.0;1976,172,15384.0;1976,171,20145.0;1976,34845,20148.0;1976,34979,13280.0;1976,170,10500.0;1976,163,17049.0;1976,267,33990.0;1976,128,17500.0;1976,167,6000.0;1976,161,32470.0;1976,201,8781.0;1976,65,27503.0;1976,34982,9846.0;1976,155,30657.0;1976,3,30683.0;1976,6,36893.0;1976,149,24362.0;1976,148,14636.0;1976,138,32822.0;1976,137,11392.0;1976,135,11386.0;1976,134,10063.0;1976,2,35626.0;1976,133,6852.0;1976,8,26489.0;1976,14,26189.0;1976,130,2466.0;1976,129,11694.0;1976,208,20000.0;1976,124,7143.0;1976,123,2678.0;1976,120,4682.0;1976,212,21285.0;1976,114,7826.0;1976,113,15109.0;1976,112,7783.0;1976,110,12800.0;1976,107,9316.0;1976,5,42797.0;1976,106,33691.0;1976,102,28151.0;1976,101,7006.0;1976,97,9196.0;1976,11,29894.0;1976,95,8158.0;1976,226,41800.0;1976,127,34361.0;1976,92,30049.0;1976,90,12512.0;1976,81,8295.0;1976,9,16892.0;1976,10,32924.0;1976,7,43218.0;1976,77,9034.0;1976,71,6000.0;1976,70,18610.0;1976,1,35050.0;1976,64,10000.0;1976,13,24418.0;1976,63,12237.0;1976,270,18641.0;1976,248,7500.0;1976,61,11077.0;1976,34980,22260.0;1976,80,40000.0;1976,355,20558.0;1976,273,9943.0;1976,462,10203.0;1976,463,6000.0;1977,15,9677.0;1977,16,16364.0;1977,17,3515.0;1977,21,11387.0;1977,23,8504.0;1977,24,36889.0;1977,28,6278.0;1977,34978,43215.0;1977,33,11290.0;1977,34,5352.0;1977,37,10178.0;1977,39,27993.0;1977,44,24836.0;1977,172,22672.0;1977,171,19748.0;1977,34845,19750.0;1977,34979,14000.0;1977,170,17446.0;1977,163,17012.0;1977,267,37667.0;1977,128,17500.0;1977,167,6000.0;1977,161,40207.0;1977,201,6796.0;1977,65,27544.0;1977,34982,12582.0;1977,155,25085.0;1977,3,35250.0;1977,6,40110.0;1977,149,18338.0;1977,148,14833.0;1977,138,31649.0;1977,137,10457.0;1977,135,9628.0;1977,134,8541.0;1977,2,49965.0;1977,133,5853.0;1977,8,23027.0;1977,14,26452.0;1977,130,2601.0;1977,129,8398.0;1977,208,18000.0;1977,124,11429.0;1977,123,3077.0;1977,120,3266.0;1977,212,28214.0;1977,114,8333.0;1977,113,16814.0;1977,112,7123.0;1977,110,5754.0;1977,107,8281.0;1977,5,43506.0;1977,106,36608.0;1977,102,35155.0;1977,101,7089.0;1977,97,8614.0;1977,11,27492.0;1977,95,5864.0;1977,226,24496.0;1977,127,21916.0;1977,92,31234.0;1977,90,16629.0;1977,81,11778.0;1977,9,20209.0;1977,10,32887.0;1977,7,38990.0;1977,77,3298.0;1977,71,4717.0;1977,70,18130.0;1977,1,43872.0;1977,64,10000.0;1977,13,23659.0;1977,63,8815.0;1977,270,14048.0;1977,248,7059.0;1977,61,9129.0;1977,34980,21242.0;1977,80,40000.0;1977,355,19073.0;1977,273,6730.0;1977,462,12455.0;1977,463,6000.0;1977,464,5344.0;1977,465,11654.0;1977,466,8333.0;1977,290,22868.0;1977,450,24302.0;1977,477,16812.0;1977,295,10662.0;1977,275,13367.0;1977,467,19997.0;1977,470,9954.0;1977,472,13097.0;1977,276,21027.0;1977,473,15583.0;1977,474,39778.0;1977,475,20084.0;1977,476,37818.0;1977,277,9230.0;1977,34981,9230.0;1977,318,33186.0;1977,454,11383.0;1977,34987,8630.0;1977,34988,9124.0;1977,34989,7599.0;1978,464,8138.0;1978,465,13635.0;1978,466,5000.0;1978,290,23909.0;1978,450,25348.0;1978,477,17045.0;1978,295,13403.0;1978,275,15284.0;1978,467,24684.0;1978,470,10832.0;1978,472,14043.0;1978,276,24286.0;1978,473,19042.0;1978,474,38994.0;1978,475,22920.0;1978,476,41704.0;1978,277,14933.0;1978,34981,14933.0;1978,318,35224.0;1978,454,9069.0;1978,34987,9267.0;1978,34988,9823.0;1978,34989,8858.0;1978,15,10484.0;1978,16,18182.0;1978,17,5956.0;1978,21,15606.0;1978,23,14384.0;1978,24,40047.0;1978,28,6318.0;1978,34978,48378.0;1978,33,11250.0;1978,34,6896.0;1978,37,16094.0;1978,39,31459.0;1978,44,24376.0;1978,172,19671.0;1978,171,22294.0;1978,34845,22295.0;1978,34979,17157.0;1978,170,17383.0;1978,163,20353.0;1978,267,40188.0;1978,128,20000.0;1978,167,6000.0;1978,161,40129.0;1978,201,6800.0;1978,65,27127.0;1978,34982,8648.0;1978,155,25704.0;1978,3,40231.0;1978,6,42632.0;1978,149,25028.0;1978,148,14938.0;1978,138,33915.0;1978,137,11548.0;1978,135,10340.0;1978,134,8640.0;1978,2,45443.0;1978,133,2380.0;1978,8,27837.0;1978,14,33923.0;1978,130,2977.0;1978,129,6062.0;1978,208,29756.0;1978,124,11429.0;1978,123,3077.0;1978,120,4700.0;1978,212,27762.0;1978,114,5000.0;1978,113,17048.0;1978,112,5612.0;1978,110,9640.0;1978,107,8804.0;1978,5,49972.0;1978,106,36519.0;1978,102,36064.0;1978,101,7234.0;1978,97,8546.0;1978,11,30232.0;1978,95,5154.0;1978,226,27068.0;1978,127,33316.0;1978,92,31931.0;1978,90,18505.0;1978,81,13776.0;1978,9,22928.0;1978,10,36140.0;1978,7,46351.0;1978,77,7057.0;1978,71,4225.0;1978,70,18842.0;1978,1,41883.0;1978,64,10000.0;1978,13,26456.0;1978,63,10083.0;1978,270,17477.0;1978,248,7000.0;1978,61,8343.0;1978,34980,20513.0;1978,80,51646.0;1978,355,21756.0;1978,273,8340.0;1978,462,8664.0;1978,463,6000.0;1979,15,10461.0;1979,16,19167.0;1979,17,5644.0;1979,21,13780.0;1979,23,14919.0;1979,24,30244.0;1979,28,6311.0;1979,34978,47839.0;1979,33,11143.0;1979,34,6389.0;1979,37,11586.0;1979,39,32863.0;1979,44,22733.0;1979,172,18752.0;1979,171,24896.0;1979,34845,24896.0;1979,34979,20308.0;1979,170,18484.0;1979,163,18402.0;1979,267,35451.0;1979,128,22667.0;1979,167,6000.0;1979,161,41074.0;1979,201,6732.0;1979,65,27018.0;1979,34982,11129.0;1979,155,26061.0;1979,3,39950.0;1979,6,39231.0;1979,149,22430.0;1979,148,14485.0;1979,138,27083.0;1979,137,11719.0;1979,135,10782.0;1979,134,7515.0;1979,2,48135.0;1979,133,1860.0;1979,8,26381.0;1979,14,35156.0;1979,130,1068.0;1979,129,9375.0;1979,208,30147.0;1979,124,10000.0;1979,123,3077.0;1979,120,2941.0;1979,212,28989.0;1979,114,6667.0;1979,113,14684.0;1979,112,5456.0;1979,110,8609.0;1979,107,8674.0;1979,5,45654.0;1979,106,34002.0;1979,102,33051.0;1979,101,7276.0;1979,97,8614.0;1979,11,25383.0;1979,95,5711.0;1979,226,24848.0;1979,127,43410.0;1979,92,26427.0;1979,90,15267.0;1979,81,13178.0;1979,9,17978.0;1979,10,33313.0;1979,7,46505.0;1979,77,3581.0;1979,71,4936.0;1979,70,18781.0;1979,1,41064.0;1979,64,12200.0;1979,13,27390.0;1979,63,15907.0;1979,270,11993.0;1979,248,7000.0;1979,61,9326.0;1979,34980,21610.0;1979,80,45811.0;1979,355,18518.0;1979,273,8074.0;1979,462,11170.0;1979,463,6000.0;1979,464,7211.0;1979,465,13056.0;1979,466,6667.0;1979,290,23269.0;1979,450,24827.0;1979,477,14684.0;1979,295,12416.0;1979,275,15598.0;1979,467,28435.0;1979,470,11017.0;1979,472,13147.0;1979,276,19449.0;1979,473,13664.0;1979,474,38621.0;1979,475,18968.0;1979,476,39376.0;1979,277,15497.0;1979,34981,15497.0;1979,318,32695.0;1979,454,10758.0;1979,34987,9096.0;1979,34988,9468.0;1979,34989,8755.0;1980,464,9158.0;1980,465,8716.0;1980,466,6875.0;1980,290,24002.0;1980,450,25254.0;1980,477,16593.0;1980,295,12121.0;1980,275,14563.0;1980,467,23581.0;1980,470,8946.0;1980,472,15559.0;1980,276,21798.0;1980,473,14675.0;1980,474,39752.0;1980,475,24587.0;1980,476,43667.0;1980,277,11561.0;1980,34981,11561.0;1980,318,35920.0;1980,454,11103.0;1980,34987,8944.0;1980,34988,10989.0;1980,34989,10189.0;1980,15,10490.0;1980,16,20833.0;1980,17,8408.0;1980,21,12572.0;1980,23,10942.0;1980,24,40504.0;1980,28,6491.0;1980,34978,50522.0;1980,33,11176.0;1980,34,6412.0;1980,37,10365.0;1980,39,32301.0;1980,44,24309.0;1980,172,21592.0;1980,171,21809.0;1980,34845,21809.0;1980,34979,21765.0;1980,170,17486.0;1980,163,20951.0;1980,267,39243.0;1980,128,21429.0;1980,167,6000.0;1980,161,38336.0;1980,201,9278.0;1980,65,26659.0;1980,34982,11550.0;1980,155,28751.0;1980,3,44171.0;1980,6,43104.0;1980,149,26444.0;1980,148,15824.0;1980,138,37835.0;1980,137,9167.0;1980,135,8578.0;1980,134,8225.0;1980,2,46437.0;1980,133,10824.0;1980,8,28739.0;1980,14,31530.0;1980,130,7438.0;1980,129,15000.0;1980,208,30156.0;1980,124,8750.0;1980,123,3077.0;1980,120,2533.0;1980,212,28784.0;1980,114,6875.0;1980,113,16594.0;1980,112,3805.0;1980,110,10278.0;1980,107,8951.0;1980,5,48256.0;1980,106,34358.0;1980,102,34952.0;1980,101,7414.0;1980,97,8903.0;1980,11,25861.0;1980,95,6804.0;1980,226,27000.0;1980,127,33267.0;1980,92,29016.0;1980,90,12403.0;1980,81,8824.0;1980,9,24349.0;1980,10,33521.0;1980,7,45868.0;1980,77,13116.0;1980,71,7743.0;1980,70,19051.0;1980,1,44294.0;1980,64,12500.0;1980,13,26762.0;1980,63,15226.0;1980,270,12710.0;1980,248,6522.0;1980,61,9792.0;1980,34980,25494.0;1980,80,49513.0;1980,355,19977.0;1980,273,9692.0;1980,462,11886.0;1980,463,6000.0;1981,15,10791.0;1981,16,20833.0;1981,17,6027.0;1981,21,11465.0;1981,23,12849.0;1981,24,33678.0;1981,28,6343.0;1981,34978,47945.0;1981,33,11429.0;1981,34,6784.0;1981,37,11491.0;1981,39,36815.0;1981,44,25063.0;1981,172,19880.0;1981,171,25833.0;1981,34845,25833.0;1981,34979,19130.0;1981,170,15667.0;1981,163,18986.0;1981,267,34363.0;1981,128,20714.0;1981,167,6000.0;1981,161,39216.0;1981,201,9375.0;1981,65,26969.0;1981,34982,12973.0;1981,155,18949.0;1981,3,39476.0;1981,6,40429.0;1981,149,24379.0;1981,148,15000.0;1981,138,31574.0;1981,137,12690.0;1981,135,8380.0;1981,134,9399.0;1981,2,46831.0;1981,133,9189.0;1981,8,29271.0;1981,14,31291.0;1981,130,4046.0;1981,129,20820.0;1981,208,30000.0;1981,124,12000.0;1981,123,3077.0;1981,120,5210.0;1981,212,36007.0;1981,114,8824.0;1981,113,20300.0;1981,112,4205.0;1981,110,4663.0;1981,107,8632.0;1981,5,47054.0;1981,106,40284.0;1981,102,34827.0;1981,101,6766.0;1981,97,9693.0;1981,11,27348.0;1981,95,5508.0;1981,226,29803.0;1981,127,32824.0;1981,92,28035.0;1981,90,7633.0;1981,81,15362.0;1981,9,13563.0;1981,10,35987.0;1981,7,45319.0;1981,77,10437.0;1981,71,6095.0;1981,70,19899.0;1981,1,43962.0;1981,64,12500.0;1981,13,28187.0;1981,63,13620.0;1981,270,10498.0;1981,248,6957.0;1981,61,10649.0;1981,34980,23226.0;1981,80,55167.0;1981,355,18346.0;1981,273,7021.0;1981,462,13510.0;1981,463,6000.0;1981,464,5400.0;1981,465,15135.0;1981,466,8824.0;1981,290,25282.0;1981,450,26314.0;1981,477,20294.0;1981,295,11490.0;1981,275,14963.0;1981,467,26430.0;1981,470,10071.0;1981,472,15380.0;1981,276,19087.0;1981,473,12675.0;1981,474,39082.0;1981,475,16000.0;1981,476,39946.0;1981,277,13521.0;1981,34981,13521.0;1981,318,32523.0;1981,454,12156.0;1981,34987,9432.0;1981,34988,11806.0;1981,34989,7380.0;1982,464,9822.0;1982,465,16907.0;1982,466,9118.0;1982,290,27277.0;1982,450,28647.0;1982,477,18454.0;1982,295,11540.0;1982,275,14717.0;1982,467,28604.0;1982,470,10671.0;1982,472,13543.0;1982,276,22394.0;1982,473,15837.0;1982,474,43824.0;1982,475,17012.0;1982,476,44016.0;1982,277,9034.0;1982,34981,9034.0;1982,318,35637.0;1982,454,11178.0;1982,34987,10769.0;1982,34988,9098.0;1982,34989,10963.0;1982,15,10739.0;1982,16,20992.0;1982,17,5929.0;1982,21,17780.0;1982,23,7905.0;1982,24,42276.0;1982,28,6879.0;1982,34978,54509.0;1982,33,11781.0;1982,34,7258.0;1982,37,5904.0;1982,39,40809.0;1982,44,27124.0;1982,172,20503.0;1982,171,28070.0;1982,34845,28070.0;1982,34979,18750.0;1982,170,15931.0;1982,163,18986.0;1982,267,37918.0;1982,128,23077.0;1982,167,6000.0;1982,161,42816.0;1982,201,10446.0;1982,65,26318.0;1982,34982,11544.0;1982,155,29580.0;1982,3,42027.0;1982,6,45012.0;1982,149,26378.0;1982,148,14815.0;1982,138,33252.0;1982,137,11535.0;1982,135,10339.0;1982,134,8124.0;1982,2,50421.0;1982,133,5192.0;1982,8,30476.0;1982,14,31709.0;1982,130,4040.0;1982,129,26550.0;1982,208,30000.0;1982,124,12000.0;1982,123,3077.0;1982,120,7405.0;1982,212,38002.0;1982,114,9118.0;1982,113,18458.0;1982,112,11986.0;1982,110,11404.0;1982,107,8631.0;1982,5,56613.0;1982,106,40695.0;1982,102,36842.0;1982,101,7107.0;1982,97,9601.0;1982,11,29493.0;1982,95,6699.0;1982,226,39053.0;1982,127,33413.0;1982,92,32362.0;1982,90,14444.0;1982,81,17188.0;1982,9,14577.0;1982,10,37462.0;1982,7,48859.0;1982,77,4161.0;1982,71,8582.0;1982,70,20402.0;1982,1,49325.0;1982,64,12857.0;1982,13,30797.0;1982,63,17407.0;1982,270,13578.0;1982,248,6957.0;1982,61,10441.0;1982,34980,23556.0;1982,60,8215.0;1982,80,51494.0;1982,355,20730.0;1982,273,10413.0;1982,462,12319.0;1982,463,6000.0;1983,15,10992.0;1983,16,23077.0;1983,17,6214.0;1983,21,17238.0;1983,23,15729.0;1983,24,42596.0;1983,28,7001.0;1983,34978,45694.0;1983,33,11233.0;1983,34,6383.0;1983,37,10326.0;1983,39,32436.0;1983,44,23562.0;1983,172,19193.0;1983,171,24999.0;1983,34845,25000.0;1983,34979,14214.0;1983,170,15795.0;1983,163,14260.0;1983,267,40012.0;1983,128,21538.0;1983,167,6000.0;1983,161,32829.0;1983,201,9967.0;1983,65,25908.0;1983,34982,12867.0;1983,155,32057.0;1983,3,40935.0;1983,6,43861.0;1983,149,18967.0;1983,148,14846.0;1983,138,36594.0;1983,137,12590.0;1983,135,10135.0;1983,134,6868.0;1983,2,47958.0;1983,133,17815.0;1983,8,30870.0;1983,14,30621.0;1983,130,6267.0;1983,129,25650.0;1983,208,30000.0;1983,124,12000.0;1983,123,3077.0;1983,120,6767.0;1983,212,39194.0;1983,114,9143.0;1983,113,18359.0;1983,112,11952.0;1983,110,5709.0;1983,107,8694.0;1983,5,47396.0;1983,106,42375.0;1983,102,31488.0;1983,101,7043.0;1983,97,8303.0;1983,11,29679.0;1983,95,6529.0;1983,226,33318.0;1983,127,35305.0;1983,92,29596.0;1983,90,19839.0;1983,81,19494.0;1983,9,17837.0;1983,10,32774.0;1983,7,46884.0;1983,77,6862.0;1983,71,4802.0;1983,70,18707.0;1983,1,46549.0;1983,64,13143.0;1983,13,28101.0;1983,63,15994.0;1983,270,14836.0;1983,248,7083.0;1983,61,6366.0;1983,34980,23607.0;1983,60,9475.0;1983,80,51498.0;1983,355,20100.0;1983,273,7607.0;1983,462,13220.0;1983,463,6000.0;1983,464,6004.0;1983,465,19228.0;1983,466,9143.0;1983,290,24727.0;1983,450,25723.0;1983,477,18356.0;1983,295,12262.0;1983,275,14295.0;1983,467,26608.0;1983,470,10869.0;1983,472,12877.0;1983,276,22040.0;1983,473,16541.0;1983,474,39320.0;1983,475,19112.0;1983,476,42776.0;1983,277,16412.0;1983,34981,16412.0;1983,318,33963.0;1983,454,12075.0;1983,34987,10714.0;1983,34988,10441.0;1983,34989,7865.0;1984,464,6325.0;1984,465,19638.0;1984,466,9444.0;1984,290,24903.0;1984,450,25630.0;1984,477,21853.0;1984,295,13717.0;1984,275,15436.0;1984,467,28125.0;1984,470,11323.0;1984,472,14229.0;1984,276,24033.0;1984,473,15259.0;1984,474,49346.0;1984,475,27229.0;1984,476,51592.0;1984,277,16812.0;1984,34981,16812.0;1984,318,42201.0;1984,454,10039.0;1984,34987,10245.0;1984,34988,8790.0;1984,34989,7879.0;1984,15,10855.0;1984,16,23077.0;1984,17,5059.0;1984,21,20896.0;1984,23,15788.0;1984,24,46168.0;1984,28,6727.0;1984,34978,61700.0;1984,33,11258.0;1984,34,8025.0;1984,37,10591.0;1984,39,40563.0;1984,44,22594.0;1984,172,22175.0;1984,171,27500.0;1984,34845,27500.0;1984,170,16207.0;1984,163,17933.0;1984,267,47344.0;1984,128,25000.0;1984,167,6000.0;1984,161,51424.0;1984,201,8127.0;1984,65,27223.0;1984,34982,10101.0;1984,155,30505.0;1984,3,54622.0;1984,6,49292.0;1984,149,23397.0;1984,148,14444.0;1984,138,45312.0;1984,137,13232.0;1984,135,10599.0;1984,134,9174.0;1984,2,58166.0;1984,133,6102.0;1984,8,37290.0;1984,14,33890.0;1984,130,2333.0;1984,129,17825.0;1984,208,29600.0;1984,124,12500.0;1984,123,3077.0;1984,120,4065.0;1984,212,34783.0;1984,114,9444.0;1984,113,21864.0;1984,112,10208.0;1984,110,6609.0;1984,107,8969.0;1984,5,56454.0;1984,106,45530.0;1984,102,38014.0;1984,101,6978.0;1984,97,9460.0;1984,11,33715.0;1984,95,10882.0;1984,226,33592.0;1984,127,33446.0;1984,92,36440.0;1984,90,20841.0;1984,81,19885.0;1984,9,26819.0;1984,10,40961.0;1984,7,59766.0;1984,77,2354.0;1984,71,6377.0;1984,70,20058.0;1984,1,55907.0;1984,64,13429.0;1984,13,28678.0;1984,63,16757.0;1984,270,12805.0;1984,248,7417.0;1984,61,6275.0;1984,34980,27596.0;1984,60,9091.0;1984,80,46199.0;1984,355,21576.0;1984,273,7239.0;1984,462,10263.0;1984,463,6000.0;1985,15,10860.0;1985,16,23077.0;1985,17,9572.0;1985,21,15588.0;1985,23,14827.0;1985,24,45540.0;1985,28,6265.0;1985,34978,55324.0;1985,33,11351.0;1985,34,8002.0;1985,37,15467.0;1985,39,30728.0;1985,44,26076.0;1985,172,24247.0;1985,171,26471.0;1985,34845,26471.0;1985,170,19803.0;1985,163,21345.0;1985,267,44858.0;1985,128,25000.0;1985,167,6000.0;1985,161,48010.0;1985,201,9076.0;1985,65,27619.0;1985,34982,10170.0;1985,155,28710.0;1985,3,50730.0;1985,6,49648.0;1985,149,18686.0;1985,148,14375.0;1985,138,37506.0;1985,137,12416.0;1985,135,11020.0;1985,134,9814.0;1985,2,50067.0;1985,133,3493.0;1985,8,34788.0;1985,14,33446.0;1985,130,4930.0;1985,129,17825.0;1985,208,29976.0;1985,124,15000.0;1985,123,3846.0;1985,120,4211.0;1985,212,34783.0;1985,114,9722.0;1985,113,19113.0;1985,112,13858.0;1985,110,10666.0;1985,142,19610.0;1985,107,8565.0;1985,5,50954.0;1985,106,42300.0;1985,102,37766.0;1985,101,6926.0;1985,97,10600.0;1985,11,32890.0;1985,95,7605.0;1985,226,33469.0;1985,127,33377.0;1985,92,25913.0;1985,90,21503.0;1985,81,25347.0;1985,9,25199.0;1985,10,34491.0;1985,7,53294.0;1985,77,5341.0;1985,71,8356.0;1985,70,19487.0;1985,1,49542.0;1985,64,13714.0;1985,13,27393.0;1985,63,12391.0;1985,270,14832.0;1985,248,7200.0;1985,61,6667.0;1985,34980,26688.0;1985,60,9200.0;1985,80,54299.0;1985,355,21792.0;1985,273,10244.0;1985,462,10485.0;1985,463,6000.0;1985,464,9889.0;1985,465,25073.0;1985,466,9722.0;1985,290,25794.0;1985,450,26730.0;1985,477,19105.0;1985,295,13292.0;1985,275,14837.0;1985,467,27214.0;1985,470,11218.0;1985,471,19610.0;1985,472,14017.0;1985,276,24398.0;1985,473,16817.0;1985,474,43960.0;1985,475,25445.0;1985,476,50014.0;1985,277,16061.0;1985,34981,16061.0;1985,318,38785.0;1985,454,10040.0;1985,34987,11180.0;1985,34988,9306.0;1985,34989,10188.0;1986,464,11491.0;1986,465,21614.0;1986,466,9722.0;1986,290,27726.0;1986,450,28752.0;1986,477,19214.0;1986,295,13891.0;1986,275,15242.0;1986,467,24310.0;1986,470,12828.0;1986,471,15140.0;1986,472,14479.0;1986,276,24437.0;1986,473,18475.0;1986,474,45391.0;1986,475,19329.0;1986,476,47817.0;1986,277,17012.0;1986,34981,17012.0;1986,318,36782.0;1986,454,9882.0;1986,34987,11407.0;1986,34988,10477.0;1986,34989,11890.0;1986,15,10845.0;1986,16,27692.0;1986,17,8935.0;1986,21,18346.0;1986,23,15602.0;1986,24,38849.0;1986,28,6398.0;1986,34978,58772.0;1986,33,10526.0;1986,34,8227.0;1986,37,18009.0;1986,39,36021.0;1986,44,30170.0;1986,172,29963.0;1986,171,22909.0;1986,34845,22909.0;1986,170,19520.0;1986,163,13028.0;1986,267,42987.0;1986,128,25000.0;1986,167,6000.0;1986,161,47623.0;1986,201,6823.0;1986,65,30364.0;1986,34982,9862.0;1986,155,29077.0;1986,3,47965.0;1986,6,48089.0;1986,149,25602.0;1986,148,13000.0;1986,138,33947.0;1986,137,14337.0;1986,135,12693.0;1986,134,7184.0;1986,2,53887.0;1986,133,6335.0;1986,8,33207.0;1986,14,32067.0;1986,130,4576.0;1986,129,16667.0;1986,208,30025.0;1986,124,16250.0;1986,123,3846.0;1986,120,4500.0;1986,212,34545.0;1986,114,9722.0;1986,113,19226.0;1986,112,14481.0;1986,110,14415.0;1986,142,15140.0;1986,107,7991.0;1986,5,62398.0;1986,106,40144.0;1986,102,31300.0;1986,101,7082.0;1986,97,11304.0;1986,11,33040.0;1986,95,12153.0;1986,226,33521.0;1986,127,33002.0;1986,92,32647.0;1986,90,37340.0;1986,81,21868.0;1986,9,17121.0;1986,10,36451.0;1986,7,42105.0;1986,77,7207.0;1986,71,2986.0;1986,70,21027.0;1986,1,52238.0;1986,64,14000.0;1986,13,27340.0;1986,63,12351.0;1986,270,16516.0;1986,248,7308.0;1986,61,8612.0;1986,34980,26331.0;1986,60,9200.0;1986,80,57600.0;1986,355,22378.0;1986,273,11436.0;1986,462,10193.0;1986,463,6000.0;1987,15,10845.0;1987,16,29231.0;1987,17,7529.0;1987,21,21481.0;1987,23,14565.0;1987,24,40436.0;1987,28,6271.0;1987,34978,52767.0;1987,33,10526.0;1987,34,8465.0;1987,37,19135.0;1987,39,36982.0;1987,44,27891.0;1987,172,29524.0;1987,171,28283.0;1987,34845,28283.0;1987,170,19531.0;1987,163,23255.0;1987,267,42576.0;1987,128,25000.0;1987,167,6034.0;1987,161,45508.0;1987,201,7081.0;1987,65,31489.0;1987,34982,11050.0;1987,155,18686.0;1987,3,53109.0;1987,6,46585.0;1987,149,22667.0;1987,148,11860.0;1987,138,38739.0;1987,137,13631.0;1987,135,12280.0;1987,134,7639.0;1987,2,62706.0;1987,133,13549.0;1987,8,38436.0;1987,14,31659.0;1987,130,7310.0;1987,129,14286.0;1987,208,32222.0;1987,124,16515.0;1987,123,3846.0;1987,120,3996.0;1987,212,34545.0;1987,114,10000.0;1987,113,21587.0;1987,112,10232.0;1987,110,6668.0;1987,142,10935.0;1987,107,8638.0;1987,5,52044.0;1987,106,40306.0;1987,102,34776.0;1987,101,5924.0;1987,97,9969.0;1987,11,33714.0;1987,95,11281.0;1987,226,33500.0;1987,127,34881.0;1987,92,36053.0;1987,90,40934.0;1987,81,28000.0;1987,9,22352.0;1987,10,35030.0;1987,7,47240.0;1987,77,3671.0;1987,71,8396.0;1987,70,20921.0;1987,1,50437.0;1987,64,14286.0;1987,13,28178.0;1987,63,20142.0;1987,270,17401.0;1987,248,7692.0;1987,61,8651.0;1987,34980,23662.0;1987,60,9200.0;1987,80,53125.0;1987,355,22458.0;1987,273,8336.0;1987,462,11294.0;1987,463,6034.0;1987,464,7254.0;1987,465,27690.0;1987,466,10000.0;1987,290,27056.0;1987,450,28019.0;1987,477,21570.0;1987,295,15619.0;1987,275,15344.0;1987,467,28103.0;1987,470,12271.0;1987,471,10935.0;1987,472,14228.0;1987,276,25075.0;1987,473,19303.0;1987,474,43266.0;1987,475,23621.0;1987,476,48922.0;1987,277,15612.0;1987,34981,15612.0;1987,318,37895.0;1987,454,10783.0;1987,34987,10430.0;1987,34988,9032.0;1987,34989,8384.0;1988,464,11529.0;1988,465,15560.0;1988,466,10000.0;1988,290,22029.0;1988,450,22824.0;1988,477,14978.0;1988,295,16090.0;1988,275,18154.0;1988,467,30532.0;1988,470,13667.0;1988,471,11067.0;1988,472,18109.0;1988,276,23738.0;1988,473,16187.0;1988,474,42053.0;1988,475,28514.0;1988,476,50856.0;1988,277,15844.0;1988,34981,15844.0;1988,318,39879.0;1988,454,11671.0;1988,34987,10426.0;1988,34988,13800.0;1988,34989,12544.0;1988,15,11085.0;1988,16,30769.0;1988,17,5777.0;1988,21,23627.0;1988,23,14801.0;1988,24,46734.0;1988,28,6393.0;1988,34978,58264.0;1988,33,11628.0;1988,34,7794.0;1988,37,12310.0;1988,39,38030.0;1988,44,24603.0;1988,172,33909.0;1988,171,30612.0;1988,34845,30612.0;1988,170,18202.0;1988,163,27097.0;1988,267,43033.0;1988,128,25000.0;1988,167,6034.0;1988,161,46944.0;1988,201,8319.0;1988,65,32097.0;1988,34982,12008.0;1988,155,23644.0;1988,3,53050.0;1988,6,49390.0;1988,149,25598.0;1988,148,10760.0;1988,138,44879.0;1988,137,13799.0;1988,135,14319.0;1988,134,10936.0;1988,2,60825.0;1988,133,7163.0;1988,8,34724.0;1988,14,35037.0;1988,130,8091.0;1988,129,13889.0;1988,208,30018.0;1988,124,15746.0;1988,123,3846.0;1988,120,5110.0;1988,212,30000.0;1988,114,10000.0;1988,113,14987.0;1988,112,9875.0;1988,110,13821.0;1988,142,11067.0;1988,107,8344.0;1988,5,48280.0;1988,106,44230.0;1988,102,31327.0;1988,101,7710.0;1988,97,10395.0;1988,11,30428.0;1988,95,8107.0;1988,226,32985.0;1988,127,39935.0;1988,92,41915.0;1988,90,63841.0;1988,81,15750.0;1988,9,28351.0;1988,10,34797.0;1988,7,55141.0;1988,77,15378.0;1988,71,4172.0;1988,70,21893.0;1988,1,46379.0;1988,64,14571.0;1988,13,20434.0;1988,63,24661.0;1988,270,13693.0;1988,248,7407.0;1988,61,10989.0;1988,34980,27748.0;1988,60,9200.0;1988,80,51048.0;1988,355,21656.0;1988,273,11757.0;1988,462,12234.0;1988,463,6034.0;1989,15,10948.0;1989,16,30303.0;1989,17,7523.0;1989,21,22512.0;1989,23,17508.0;1989,24,48707.0;1989,28,6167.0;1989,34978,56491.0;1989,33,10000.0;1989,34,6470.0;1989,37,21903.0;1989,39,43659.0;1989,44,24929.0;1989,172,34602.0;1989,171,26087.0;1989,34845,26087.0;1989,170,16988.0;1989,163,25822.0;1989,267,47266.0;1989,128,25000.0;1989,167,6034.0;1989,161,50215.0;1989,201,10256.0;1989,65,27778.0;1989,34982,10623.0;1989,155,31532.0;1989,3,53643.0;1989,6,54534.0;1989,149,26546.0;1989,148,7899.0;1989,138,47420.0;1989,137,15925.0;1989,135,10740.0;1989,134,7265.0;1989,2,56025.0;1989,133,2444.0;1989,8,34926.0;1989,14,32876.0;1989,130,6338.0;1989,129,20925.0;1989,208,28667.0;1989,124,16500.0;1989,123,3000.0;1989,120,5319.0;1989,212,35000.0;1989,114,10000.0;1989,113,16508.0;1989,112,10769.0;1989,110,12500.0;1989,107,9175.0;1989,5,50200.0;1989,106,38957.0;1989,102,35044.0;1989,101,7719.0;1989,97,10448.0;1989,11,33272.0;1989,95,12237.0;1989,226,30000.0;1989,127,40162.0;1989,92,44755.0;1989,90,64381.0;1989,81,27423.0;1989,9,21787.0;1989,10,39238.0;1989,7,64636.0;1989,77,937.0;1989,75,10138.0;1989,71,4850.0;1989,70,13505.0;1989,1,48830.0;1989,64,14857.0;1989,13,26159.0;1989,63,22350.0;1989,270,17177.0;1989,248,7500.0;1989,61,11086.0;1989,34980,28935.0;1989,60,9200.0;1989,80,50523.0;1989,355,22288.0;1989,273,10708.0;1989,462,11082.0;1989,463,6034.0;1989,464,10233.0;1989,465,27173.0;1989,466,10000.0;1989,290,24553.0;1989,450,25441.0;1989,477,16486.0;1989,295,17384.0;1989,275,11689.0;1989,467,27096.0;1989,470,11953.0;1989,471,10138.0;1989,472,8178.0;1989,276,26599.0;1989,473,19919.0;1989,474,45652.0;1989,475,23376.0;1989,476,53984.0;1989,277,18259.0;1989,34981,18259.0;1989,318,40284.0;1989,454,10597.0;1989,34987,10363.0;1989,34988,6717.0;1989,34989,11181.0;1990,464,8541.0;1990,465,23771.0;1990,466,10250.0;1990,290,28475.0;1990,450,29876.0;1990,477,18684.0;1990,295,15709.0;1990,275,14817.0;1990,467,28082.0;1990,470,13458.0;1990,471,11831.0;1990,472,12913.0;1990,276,28494.0;1990,473,22465.0;1990,474,49770.0;1990,475,22880.0;1990,476,54720.0;1990,277,17858.0;1990,34981,17858.0;1990,318,40699.0;1990,454,11279.0;1990,34987,10011.0;1990,34988,7833.0;1990,34989,9834.0;1990,15,10537.0;1990,16,10000.0;1990,17,7610.0;1990,21,21934.0;1990,23,16766.0;1990,24,51998.0;1990,28,6280.0;1990,34978,54451.0;1990,33,10256.0;1990,34,6820.0;1990,37,14976.0;1990,39,38544.0;1990,44,29680.0;1990,172,34797.0;1990,171,28061.0;1990,34845,28061.0;1990,170,18490.0;1990,163,18727.0;1990,267,54666.0;1990,128,25000.0;1990,167,6020.0;1990,161,55347.0;1990,201,7955.0;1990,65,26617.0;1990,34982,11654.0;1990,155,35427.0;1990,3,56845.0;1990,6,53558.0;1990,149,17430.0;1990,148,7881.0;1990,138,46082.0;1990,137,14998.0;1990,135,13500.0;1990,134,9647.0;1990,2,59197.0;1990,133,5245.0;1990,8,36449.0;1990,14,32601.0;1990,130,8831.0;1990,129,18155.0;1990,208,27907.0;1990,124,17745.0;1990,123,3846.0;1990,120,4768.0;1990,212,36373.0;1990,114,10250.0;1990,113,18716.0;1990,112,10105.0;1990,110,8852.0;1990,107,9272.0;1990,5,54224.0;1990,106,46360.0;1990,102,41507.0;1990,101,8487.0;1990,97,9539.0;1990,11,35920.0;1990,95,11771.0;1990,226,29987.0;1990,127,36320.0;1990,92,35775.0;1990,90,66754.0;1990,81,23818.0;1990,9,21529.0;1990,10,45382.0;1990,7,57149.0;1990,77,3100.0;1990,75,11831.0;1990,71,9376.0;1990,70,21978.0;1990,1,52088.0;1990,64,17744.0;1990,13,30167.0;1990,63,18803.0;1990,270,20075.0;1990,248,7586.0;1990,61,10512.0;1990,34980,28247.0;1990,60,7240.0;1990,80,54586.0;1990,355,24157.0;1990,273,9460.0;1990,462,12044.0;1990,463,6020.0;1991,15,10637.0;1991,16,9231.0;1991,17,11635.0;1991,21,24557.0;1991,23,17094.0;1991,24,48064.0;1991,28,6130.0;1991,34978,60868.0;1991,33,9924.0;1991,34,5511.0;1991,37,11458.0;1991,39,39159.0;1991,44,27548.0;1991,172,33730.0;1991,171,25455.0;1991,34845,25455.0;1991,170,20687.0;1991,163,13588.0;1991,267,47880.0;1991,128,23949.0;1991,167,6222.0;1991,161,53711.0;1991,201,7389.0;1991,65,18738.0;1991,34982,11333.0;1991,155,32886.0;1991,3,60822.0;1991,6,57166.0;1991,149,27602.0;1991,148,7883.0;1991,138,43600.0;1991,137,16965.0;1991,135,12958.0;1991,134,5860.0;1991,2,59359.0;1991,133,4846.0;1991,8,38008.0;1991,14,29611.0;1991,130,6994.0;1991,129,18900.0;1991,208,333.0;1991,124,16914.0;1991,123,3539.0;1991,120,4808.0;1991,212,22500.0;1991,114,10061.0;1991,113,20423.0;1991,112,8136.0;1991,110,13800.0;1991,107,9402.0;1991,5,56816.0;1991,106,47050.0;1991,102,36650.0;1991,101,9056.0;1991,97,10324.0;1991,11,34404.0;1991,95,18791.0;1991,226,27378.0;1991,127,37150.0;1991,92,28993.0;1991,90,67151.0;1991,81,12593.0;1991,9,20990.0;1991,10,41371.0;1991,7,59899.0;1991,77,4107.0;1991,75,7181.0;1991,71,13058.0;1991,70,22667.0;1991,1,54764.0;1991,64,17591.0;1991,13,29689.0;1991,63,16796.0;1991,270,14517.0;1991,248,7667.0;1991,61,6871.0;1991,34980,30038.0;1991,60,8230.0;1991,80,57143.0;1991,355,22250.0;1991,273,12496.0;1991,462,11925.0;1991,463,6222.0;1991,464,12586.0;1991,465,12499.0;1991,466,10061.0;1991,290,27173.0;1991,450,28504.0;1991,477,20389.0;1991,295,16374.0;1991,275,15669.0;1991,467,25840.0;1991,470,13630.0;1991,471,7181.0;1991,472,13929.0;1991,276,24626.0;1991,473,17161.0;1991,474,48982.0;1991,475,23073.0;1991,476,58042.0;1991,277,17984.0;1991,34981,17984.0;1991,318,40747.0;1991,454,10865.0;1991,34987,9599.0;1991,34988,9014.0;1991,34989,12700.0;1992,464,7402.0;1992,465,19592.0;1992,466,10526.0;1992,290,29489.0;1992,450,31067.0;1992,477,18936.0;1992,295,18931.0;1992,275,15381.0;1992,469,15192.0;1992,467,27901.0;1992,470,14240.0;1992,471,6674.0;1992,472,13149.0;1992,276,27321.0;1992,473,22549.0;1992,474,34451.0;1992,475,17699.0;1992,476,53789.0;1992,277,18973.0;1992,34981,18973.0;1992,318,33782.0;1992,454,10060.0;1992,34987,15244.0;1992,34988,9988.0;1992,34989,7807.0;1992,15,8000.0;1992,16,13802.0;1992,17,8975.0;1992,21,25501.0;1992,22,16252.0;1992,23,18313.0;1992,24,48810.0;1992,25,20125.0;1992,28,6351.0;1992,30,26624.0;1992,34978,57107.0;1992,33,10116.0;1992,34,6722.0;1992,35,25000.0;1992,37,18732.0;1992,39,30536.0;1992,44,29092.0;1992,172,38425.0;1992,171,27500.0;1992,34845,27500.0;1992,170,16771.0;1992,165,32492.0;1992,163,28500.0;1992,267,40033.0;1992,128,23636.0;1992,167,6228.0;1992,161,32664.0;1992,201,7251.0;1992,65,22481.0;1992,156,10446.0;1992,34982,10660.0;1992,155,28137.0;1992,3,58257.0;1992,152,16876.0;1992,6,50650.0;1992,149,25444.0;1992,148,7875.0;1992,138,35900.0;1992,137,17808.0;1992,135,13863.0;1992,134,7500.0;1992,2,63341.0;1992,133,8556.0;1992,8,38697.0;1992,14,33903.0;1992,130,9957.0;1992,131,15124.0;1992,129,19565.0;1992,208,32609.0;1992,126,23548.0;1992,122,12372.0;1992,124,18181.0;1992,123,3334.0;1992,120,4865.0;1992,119,15622.0;1992,212,21365.0;1992,114,10526.0;1992,113,18966.0;1992,112,6654.0;1992,110,4840.0;1992,107,9319.0;1992,5,59887.0;1992,106,48744.0;1992,102,27760.0;1992,101,9389.0;1992,97,8416.0;1992,11,23531.0;1992,95,9452.0;1992,226,29991.0;1992,127,42306.0;1992,111,32976.0;1992,92,26703.0;1992,12,18537.0;1992,90,66943.0;1992,268,21739.0;1992,83,32604.0;1992,81,19776.0;1992,9,14846.0;1992,10,29190.0;1992,7,60050.0;1992,77,4814.0;1992,76,7548.0;1992,75,6674.0;1992,66,22979.0;1992,71,11956.0;1992,70,20392.0;1992,69,20982.0;1992,67,29503.0;1992,1,56697.0;1992,64,18539.0;1992,13,33607.0;1992,63,24663.0;1992,62,9428.0;1992,248,7760.0;1992,61,12976.0;1992,60,7895.0;1992,80,44014.0;1992,355,22527.0;1992,273,8212.0;1992,462,10998.0;1992,463,6228.0;1993,15,10000.0;1993,16,13324.0;1993,17,6252.0;1993,21,23105.0;1993,22,10348.0;1993,23,19472.0;1993,24,41442.0;1993,25,14723.0;1993,28,6156.0;1993,30,28386.0;1993,34978,57375.0;1993,33,10309.0;1993,34,7237.0;1993,35,25000.0;1993,37,16395.0;1993,39,25789.0;1993,44,31190.0;1993,172,36636.0;1993,171,27667.0;1993,34845,27667.0;1993,170,20024.0;1993,165,34332.0;1993,163,30156.0;1993,162,37999.0;1993,128,24000.0;1993,167,6189.0;1993,161,47265.0;1993,201,6973.0;1993,65,21994.0;1993,157,2196.0;1993,156,21857.0;1993,158,13606.0;1993,155,36585.0;1993,3,55395.0;1993,152,11610.0;1993,6,50007.0;1993,149,24880.0;1993,148,8389.0;1993,138,26508.0;1993,137,16518.0;1993,135,14553.0;1993,134,6750.0;1993,2,52987.0;1993,133,6574.0;1993,8,38443.0;1993,14,36719.0;1993,130,11652.0;1993,131,10384.0;1993,129,19605.0;1993,208,32340.0;1993,126,21639.0;1993,122,16546.0;1993,124,20000.0;1993,123,3255.0;1993,120,4762.0;1993,119,20560.0;1993,212,21429.0;1993,114,8824.0;1993,113,23084.0;1993,112,4705.0;1993,110,4774.0;1993,107,9303.0;1993,5,62624.0;1993,106,50323.0;1993,102,37249.0;1993,101,9925.0;1993,97,11120.0;1993,11,27873.0;1993,95,15979.0;1993,226,30000.0;1993,127,37923.0;1993,111,34672.0;1993,92,24373.0;1993,12,17342.0;1993,90,67130.0;1993,268,22361.0;1993,85,33257.0;1993,83,29009.0;1993,81,19828.0;1993,9,27396.0;1993,10,42072.0;1993,7,61543.0;1993,77,7162.0;1993,76,7895.0;1993,75,10000.0;1993,66,18335.0;1993,71,9327.0;1993,70,21651.0;1993,69,23656.0;1993,67,32147.0;1993,1,51784.0;1993,64,16667.0;1993,13,31710.0;1993,63,14655.0;1993,62,10487.0;1993,248,7742.0;1993,61,12971.0;1993,60,9259.0;1993,80,51563.0;1993,355,22851.0;1993,273,7530.0;1993,462,13384.0;1993,463,6189.0;1993,464,6021.0;1993,465,19616.0;1993,466,8824.0;1993,290,29838.0;1993,450,31396.0;1993,477,23028.0;1993,295,16139.0;1993,275,14461.0;1993,469,10874.0;1993,467,28016.0;1993,470,14451.0;1993,471,10000.0;1993,472,14790.0;1993,276,28219.0;1993,473,22172.0;1993,474,39572.0;1993,475,28009.0;1993,476,51945.0;1993,277,20154.0;1993,34981,20154.0;1993,318,37507.0;1993,454,11872.0;1993,34987,11467.0;1993,34988,11150.0;1993,34989,7796.0;1994,464,12793.0;1994,465,22706.0;1994,466,9904.0;1994,290,28234.0;1994,450,29238.0;1994,477,26377.0;1994,295,16957.0;1994,275,15140.0;1994,469,10074.0;1994,467,28455.0;1994,470,15931.0;1994,471,12987.0;1994,472,15803.0;1994,276,26401.0;1994,473,21090.0;1994,474,38800.0;1994,475,22850.0;1994,476,53009.0;1994,277,13001.0;1994,34981,13001.0;1994,318,36184.0;1994,454,9425.0;1994,34987,10407.0;1994,34988,10578.0;1994,34989,12298.0;1994,15,9200.0;1994,16,23523.0;1994,17,6482.0;1994,21,23093.0;1994,22,9871.0;1994,23,11792.0;1994,24,46859.0;1994,25,16394.0;1994,28,6190.0;1994,30,23783.0;1994,34978,56406.0;1994,33,10503.0;1994,34,7083.0;1994,35,26000.0;1994,37,16903.0;1994,39,29345.0;1994,44,28573.0;1994,172,35589.0;1994,171,28125.0;1994,34845,28125.0;1994,170,19891.0;1994,165,29761.0;1994,163,25667.0;1994,162,37780.0;1994,128,24138.0;1994,167,6154.0;1994,161,48919.0;1994,201,5818.0;1994,65,20834.0;1994,157,7891.0;1994,156,15578.0;1994,158,9371.0;1994,155,36743.0;1994,3,54441.0;1994,152,11985.0;1994,6,52684.0;1994,149,26000.0;1994,148,8600.0;1994,138,36863.0;1994,137,16531.0;1994,135,17329.0;1994,134,6326.0;1994,2,53624.0;1994,133,11601.0;1994,8,37386.0;1994,14,36066.0;1994,130,8613.0;1994,131,9730.0;1994,129,24249.0;1994,208,32500.0;1994,126,14978.0;1994,122,18217.0;1994,124,18221.0;1994,123,3184.0;1994,120,4706.0;1994,119,17592.0;1994,212,21667.0;1994,114,9904.0;1994,113,26531.0;1994,112,3961.0;1994,110,14405.0;1994,107,9667.0;1994,5,52082.0;1994,106,53087.0;1994,102,34800.0;1994,140,11113.0;1994,101,9675.0;1994,97,11536.0;1994,11,26026.0;1994,95,16478.0;1994,226,30000.0;1994,127,37962.0;1994,111,22131.0;1994,92,27180.0;1994,12,16493.0;1994,90,63636.0;1994,268,25439.0;1994,85,36717.0;1994,83,34975.0;1994,81,22917.0;1994,9,20951.0;1994,10,36991.0;1994,7,53218.0;1994,77,7823.0;1994,76,6427.0;1994,75,12987.0;1994,66,25030.0;1994,71,5923.0;1994,70,20099.0;1994,69,23605.0;1994,67,28493.0;1994,1,53718.0;1994,64,18881.0;1994,13,30247.0;1994,63,24249.0;1994,62,9808.0;1994,248,7758.0;1994,61,12923.0;1994,60,9167.0;1994,80,58407.0;1994,355,22316.0;1994,273,12403.0;1994,462,9856.0;1994,463,6154.0;1995,15,8889.0;1995,16,22527.0;1995,17,7098.0;1995,21,17709.0;1995,22,12757.0;1995,23,18719.0;1995,24,46495.0;1995,25,15737.0;1995,28,6000.0;1995,30,19017.0;1995,34978,63623.0;1995,33,10698.0;1995,34,6890.0;1995,35,25926.0;1995,37,15064.0;1995,39,29597.0;1995,44,29871.0;1995,172,36000.0;1995,171,26000.0;1995,34845,26000.0;1995,170,21978.0;1995,165,31761.0;1995,163,23509.0;1995,162,38386.0;1995,128,24000.0;1995,167,6243.0;1995,161,54182.0;1995,201,6508.0;1995,65,19575.0;1995,157,6449.0;1995,156,14985.0;1995,158,8643.0;1995,155,34163.0;1995,3,55433.0;1995,152,11089.0;1995,6,56391.0;1995,149,26328.0;1995,148,8582.0;1995,138,35797.0;1995,137,14403.0;1995,135,16851.0;1995,134,6422.0;1995,2,60694.0;1995,133,2013.0;1995,8,38011.0;1995,14,37065.0;1995,130,6883.0;1995,131,5613.0;1995,129,21843.0;1995,208,32653.0;1995,126,10544.0;1995,122,14497.0;1995,124,29514.0;1995,123,3115.0;1995,120,4600.0;1995,119,16373.0;1995,212,20000.0;1995,114,9992.0;1995,113,19749.0;1995,112,7778.0;1995,110,3850.0;1995,107,9677.0;1995,5,56882.0;1995,106,45741.0;1995,102,31241.0;1995,140,16518.0;1995,101,9939.0;1995,97,11428.0;1995,11,31297.0;1995,95,10427.0;1995,226,29992.0;1995,127,43753.0;1995,111,25021.0;1995,92,31222.0;1995,12,10732.0;1995,90,54761.0;1995,268,25372.0;1995,85,34001.0;1995,83,34608.0;1995,81,24000.0;1995,9,14192.0;1995,10,39539.0;1995,7,55485.0;1995,77,8685.0;1995,76,6209.0;1995,75,16000.0;1995,66,27782.0;1995,71,6609.0;1995,70,21433.0;1995,69,14082.0;1995,67,21828.0;1995,1,57351.0;1995,64,19269.0;1995,13,30791.0;1995,63,25134.0;1995,62,12566.0;1995,248,7813.0;1995,61,12896.0;1995,60,7895.0;1995,80,53079.0;1995,355,20695.0;1995,273,7410.0;1995,462,8863.0;1995,463,6243.0;1995,464,6027.0;1995,465,23788.0;1995,466,9992.0;1995,290,28637.0;1995,450,30209.0;1995,477,19705.0;1995,295,16510.0;1995,275,14315.0;1995,469,6466.0;1995,467,27035.0;1995,470,15074.0;1995,471,16000.0;1995,472,15477.0;1995,276,23626.0;1995,473,16311.0;1995,474,41758.0;1995,475,17336.0;1995,476,55579.0;1995,277,19282.0;1995,34981,19282.0;1995,318,36640.0;1995,454,8781.0;1995,34987,7853.0;1995,34988,10290.0;1995,34989,7337.0;1996,464,14628.0;1996,465,13565.0;1996,466,10450.0;1996,290,30106.0;1996,450,31710.0;1996,477,20630.0;1996,295,18205.0;1996,275,15835.0;1996,469,8605.0;1996,467,27776.0;1996,470,15947.0;1996,471,18392.0;1996,472,16381.0;1996,276,27835.0;1996,473,17043.0;1996,474,46707.0;1996,475,29695.0;1996,476,57068.0;1996,277,20525.0;1996,34981,20525.0;1996,318,41477.0;1996,454,10313.0;1996,34987,9504.0;1996,34988,12351.0;1996,34989,13381.0;1996,15,10000.0;1996,16,13379.0;1996,17,14037.0;1996,21,21470.0;1996,22,13592.0;1996,23,19887.0;1996,24,41703.0;1996,25,13972.0;1996,28,6430.0;1996,30,23462.0;1996,34978,72195.0;1996,33,10896.0;1996,34,7386.0;1996,35,26111.0;1996,37,24887.0;1996,39,17529.0;1996,44,31837.0;1996,172,27465.0;1996,171,26769.0;1996,34845,26769.0;1996,170,21186.0;1996,165,28385.0;1996,163,23273.0;1996,162,37716.0;1996,128,22222.0;1996,167,6283.0;1996,161,53564.0;1996,201,7561.0;1996,65,26844.0;1996,157,3390.0;1996,156,21421.0;1996,158,10613.0;1996,155,34278.0;1996,3,62013.0;1996,152,9305.0;1996,6,54673.0;1996,149,23487.0;1996,148,8500.0;1996,138,28339.0;1996,137,18325.0;1996,135,16344.0;1996,134,7879.0;1996,2,67530.0;1996,133,3756.0;1996,8,37580.0;1996,14,40862.0;1996,130,8573.0;1996,131,8217.0;1996,129,17052.0;1996,208,29977.0;1996,126,15351.0;1996,122,21060.0;1996,124,25258.0;1996,123,3049.0;1996,120,4780.0;1996,119,24833.0;1996,212,31111.0;1996,114,10450.0;1996,113,20676.0;1996,112,7626.0;1996,110,15766.0;1996,107,10492.0;1996,5,66141.0;1996,106,49419.0;1996,102,39036.0;1996,140,13923.0;1996,101,10163.0;1996,97,11896.0;1996,11,30419.0;1996,95,15371.0;1996,226,30007.0;1996,127,42208.0;1996,111,12980.0;1996,92,21491.0;1996,12,13530.0;1996,90,52908.0;1996,268,18881.0;1996,85,31815.0;1996,83,32389.0;1996,81,13701.0;1996,9,29945.0;1996,10,45100.0;1996,7,65179.0;1996,77,10666.0;1996,76,5787.0;1996,75,18392.0;1996,66,19992.0;1996,71,11857.0;1996,70,22032.0;1996,69,14440.0;1996,67,16716.0;1996,1,61387.0;1996,64,20000.0;1996,13,31481.0;1996,63,23313.0;1996,62,11189.0;1996,248,7755.0;1996,61,10976.0;1996,60,9091.0;1996,80,56604.0;1996,355,23637.0;1996,273,13841.0;1996,462,10729.0;1996,463,6283.0;1997,15,12500.0;1997,16,14573.0;1997,17,7208.0;1997,21,28662.0;1997,22,7996.0;1997,23,18410.0;1997,24,48258.0;1997,25,14936.0;1997,28,6362.0;1997,30,26654.0;1997,34978,69484.0;1997,33,10000.0;1997,34,6789.0;1997,35,26903.0;1997,37,20281.0;1997,39,27800.0;1997,44,28781.0;1997,172,36848.0;1997,171,26640.0;1997,34845,26640.0;1997,170,19842.0;1997,165,32138.0;1997,163,9600.0;1997,162,38431.0;1997,128,20000.0;1997,167,6321.0;1997,161,53986.0;1997,201,7713.0;1997,65,21762.0;1997,157,4152.0;1997,156,18809.0;1997,158,10620.0;1997,155,34377.0;1997,3,59905.0;1997,152,11238.0;1997,6,58923.0;1997,149,24069.0;1997,148,8506.0;1997,138,35948.0;1997,137,19303.0;1997,135,16641.0;1997,134,6633.0;1997,2,57271.0;1997,133,1807.0;1997,8,33073.0;1997,14,33612.0;1997,130,8596.0;1997,131,9300.0;1997,129,15966.0;1997,208,30000.0;1997,126,18225.0;1997,122,19067.0;1997,124,15895.0;1997,123,2982.0;1997,120,4953.0;1997,119,23728.0;1997,212,30140.0;1997,114,8824.0;1997,113,19328.0;1997,112,6162.0;1997,110,6634.0;1997,107,11046.0;1997,5,63879.0;1997,106,53655.0;1997,102,37959.0;1997,140,11169.0;1997,101,9862.0;1997,97,10641.0;1997,11,31128.0;1997,95,8784.0;1997,226,30000.0;1997,127,37202.0;1997,111,22292.0;1997,92,30157.0;1997,12,17559.0;1997,90,53033.0;1997,268,25714.0;1997,85,35795.0;1997,83,35864.0;1997,81,13485.0;1997,9,23219.0;1997,10,43204.0;1997,7,65240.0;1997,77,6250.0;1997,76,9341.0;1997,75,41853.0;1997,66,23549.0;1997,71,5158.0;1997,70,22393.0;1997,69,2149.0;1997,67,19998.0;1997,1,57601.0;1997,64,16667.0;1997,13,31240.0;1997,63,16703.0;1997,62,7423.0;1997,248,7879.0;1997,61,9661.0;1997,60,9000.0;1997,80,42617.0;1997,355,24365.0;1997,273,8074.0;1997,462,10899.0;1997,463,6321.0;1997,464,6791.0;1997,465,13378.0;1997,466,8824.0;1997,290,28326.0;1997,450,29637.0;1997,477,19265.0;1997,295,19921.0;1997,275,15827.0;1997,469,9208.0;1997,467,26970.0;1997,470,16577.0;1997,471,41853.0;1997,472,15613.0;1997,276,29555.0;1997,473,21071.0;1997,474,44474.0;1997,475,24116.0;1997,476,58937.0;1997,277,19160.0;1997,34981,19160.0;1997,318,40509.0;1997,454,10659.0;1997,34987,10266.0;1997,34988,10813.0;1997,34989,8349.0;1998,464,8339.0;1998,465,18048.0;1998,466,14320.0;1998,290,28985.0;1998,450,30663.0;1998,477,15306.0;1998,295,19018.0;1998,275,16289.0;1998,469,6611.0;1998,467,25040.0;1998,470,17575.0;1998,471,18438.0;1998,472,16661.0;1998,276,30134.0;1998,473,18574.0;1998,474,40294.0;1998,475,30945.0;1998,476,59637.0;1998,277,19613.0;1998,34981,19613.0;1998,318,41179.0;1998,454,11137.0;1998,34987,9071.0;1998,34988,11009.0;1998,34989,9657.0;1998,15,12000.0;1998,16,19106.0;1998,17,7453.0;1998,21,25377.0;1998,22,11674.0;1998,23,18904.0;1998,24,45612.0;1998,25,13147.0;1998,28,6516.0;1998,30,19342.0;1998,34978,56147.0;1998,33,10000.0;1998,34,7012.0;1998,35,26346.0;1998,37,19255.0;1998,39,24732.0;1998,44,29749.0;1998,172,43313.0;1998,171,24963.0;1998,34845,24963.0;1998,170,19775.0;1998,165,33580.0;1998,163,10189.0;1998,162,36232.0;1998,128,18000.0;1998,167,6356.0;1998,161,51972.0;1998,201,8319.0;1998,65,24670.0;1998,157,12428.0;1998,156,16355.0;1998,158,10953.0;1998,155,22768.0;1998,3,64936.0;1998,152,7659.0;1998,6,57373.0;1998,149,24161.0;1998,148,8497.0;1998,138,35369.0;1998,137,19578.0;1998,135,18086.0;1998,134,7082.0;1998,2,56266.0;1998,133,3285.0;1998,8,38026.0;1998,14,26243.0;1998,130,8193.0;1998,131,6187.0;1998,129,18457.0;1998,208,20000.0;1998,126,19989.0;1998,122,19391.0;1998,124,13043.0;1998,123,2727.0;1998,120,4815.0;1998,119,23856.0;1998,212,32745.0;1998,114,14320.0;1998,113,15353.0;1998,112,5471.0;1998,110,8120.0;1998,107,10027.0;1998,5,54823.0;1998,106,57725.0;1998,102,37090.0;1998,140,12450.0;1998,101,10701.0;1998,97,11333.0;1998,11,31749.0;1998,95,9993.0;1998,226,30076.0;1998,127,30756.0;1998,111,20114.0;1998,92,23937.0;1998,12,13851.0;1998,90,54723.0;1998,268,27333.0;1998,85,35138.0;1998,83,39929.0;1998,81,18198.0;1998,9,30819.0;1998,10,37911.0;1998,7,68625.0;1998,77,5632.0;1998,76,9135.0;1998,75,18438.0;1998,66,26499.0;1998,71,11646.0;1998,70,24464.0;1998,69,1950.0;1998,67,16480.0;1998,1,52857.0;1998,64,22222.0;1998,13,32308.0;1998,63,26923.0;1998,62,5750.0;1998,248,7756.0;1998,61,11362.0;1998,60,7895.0;1998,80,57935.0;1998,355,24267.0;1998,273,9212.0;1998,462,11623.0;1998,463,6356.0;1999,15,12000.0;1999,16,18125.0;1999,17,10875.0;1999,21,22727.0;1999,22,12784.0;1999,23,19479.0;1999,24,47268.0;1999,25,18720.0;1999,28,5884.0;1999,30,14559.0;1999,34978,73698.0;1999,33,10000.0;1999,34,7455.0;1999,35,24972.0;1999,37,23450.0;1999,39,25670.0;1999,44,32428.0;1999,172,30742.0;1999,171,25000.0;1999,34845,25000.0;1999,170,19259.0;1999,165,28054.0;1999,163,21673.0;1999,162,39369.0;1999,128,13415.0;1999,167,6429.0;1999,161,50476.0;1999,201,6961.0;1999,65,20146.0;1999,157,7339.0;1999,156,12112.0;1999,158,9204.0;1999,155,26983.0;1999,3,62499.0;1999,152,17940.0;1999,6,60107.0;1999,149,22670.0;1999,148,8505.0;1999,138,31226.0;1999,137,19397.0;1999,135,14248.0;1999,134,4098.0;1999,2,66536.0;1999,133,9289.0;1999,8,37115.0;1999,14,39481.0;1999,130,13420.0;1999,131,13317.0;1999,129,22239.0;1999,208,19991.0;1999,126,17632.0;1999,122,17659.0;1999,124,11032.0;1999,123,2601.0;1999,120,4839.0;1999,119,17607.0;1999,212,35234.0;1999,114,20000.0;1999,113,20007.0;1999,112,4723.0;1999,110,7121.0;1999,107,10017.0;1999,5,62969.0;1999,106,54480.0;1999,102,34151.0;1999,140,3896.0;1999,101,10015.0;1999,97,11900.0;1999,11,30711.0;1999,95,11891.0;1999,226,29993.0;1999,127,44044.0;1999,111,16906.0;1999,92,24515.0;1999,12,14286.0;1999,90,46525.0;1999,268,25641.0;1999,85,29433.0;1999,83,37909.0;1999,81,9086.0;1999,9,23931.0;1999,10,38435.0;1999,7,52799.0;1999,77,3009.0;1999,76,7685.0;1999,75,19838.0;1999,66,25169.0;1999,71,8755.0;1999,70,21449.0;1999,69,3900.0;1999,67,18487.0;1999,1,55818.0;1999,64,23404.0;1999,13,31853.0;1999,63,20219.0;1999,62,14670.0;1999,248,7941.0;1999,61,11641.0;1999,60,9091.0;1999,80,54144.0;1999,355,24104.0;1999,273,8423.0;1999,462,9511.0;1999,463,6429.0;1999,464,8025.0;1999,465,9038.0;1999,466,20000.0;1999,290,30378.0;1999,450,32244.0;1999,477,19911.0;1999,295,17641.0;1999,275,15688.0;1999,469,13247.0;1999,467,26104.0;1999,470,15370.0;1999,471,19838.0;1999,472,14153.0;1999,276,29410.0;1999,473,18597.0;1999,474,41249.0;1999,475,25182.0;1999,476,60345.0;1999,277,20217.0;1999,34981,20217.0;1999,318,40528.0;1999,454,9605.0;1999,34987,12205.0;1999,34988,9624.0;1999,34989,8592.0;2000,464,3445.0;2000,465,14776.0;2000,466,20000.0;2000,290,29255.0;2000,450,30655.0;2000,477,24448.0;2000,295,19434.0;2000,275,15199.0;2000,469,10474.0;2000,467,25415.0;2000,470,15260.0;2000,471,18690.0;2000,472,14560.0;2000,276,30462.0;2000,473,18847.0;2000,474,45455.0;2000,475,33094.0;2000,476,59408.0;2000,277,20080.0;2000,34981,20080.0;2000,318,42339.0;2000,454,8799.0;2000,34987,10464.0;2000,34988,8841.0;2000,34989,5257.0;2000,15,5968.0;2000,16,15000.0;2000,17,7573.0;2000,21,29153.0;2000,22,6994.0;2000,23,19522.0;2000,24,38195.0;2000,25,20231.0;2000,28,7267.0;2000,30,18723.0;2000,4,68742.0;2000,33,11333.0;2000,34,7514.0;2000,35,23769.0;2000,37,17879.0;2000,39,26768.0;2000,44,29607.0;2000,172,34658.0;2000,171,24729.0;2000,34845,24729.0;2000,170,16502.0;2000,165,32664.0;2000,163,8356.0;2000,162,32934.0;2000,128,8529.0;2000,167,6410.0;2000,161,53705.0;2000,201,5611.0;2000,65,20327.0;2000,157,5563.0;2000,156,21050.0;2000,158,9132.0;2000,155,35506.0;2000,3,63300.0;2000,152,9711.0;2000,6,58550.0;2000,149,24308.0;2000,148,8535.0;2000,138,27730.0;2000,137,19972.0;2000,135,14115.0;2000,134,3604.0;2000,2,71854.0;2000,133,11324.0;2000,8,36533.0;2000,14,40056.0;2000,130,9022.0;2000,131,10236.0;2000,129,22211.0;2000,208,19990.0;2000,126,21357.0;2000,122,19992.0;2000,124,10805.0;2000,123,2770.0;2000,120,4722.0;2000,119,24337.0;2000,210,50800.0;2000,212,39815.0;2000,114,20000.0;2000,113,24541.0;2000,112,10054.0;2000,110,2074.0;2000,107,10930.0;2000,5,61104.0;2000,106,55413.0;2000,102,35240.0;2000,140,15239.0;2000,101,9506.0;2000,97,11928.0;2000,11,25396.0;2000,95,16706.0;2000,226,29993.0;2000,127,33564.0;2000,111,12586.0;2000,92,21049.0;2000,12,16649.0;2000,90,46377.0;2000,268,22872.0;2000,85,19901.0;2000,83,32633.0;2000,81,14899.0;2000,9,33749.0;2000,10,39283.0;2000,7,61784.0;2000,77,1609.0;2000,76,5197.0;2000,75,18690.0;2000,66,22133.0;2000,71,6478.0;2000,70,22736.0;2000,69,5333.0;2000,67,18628.0;2000,1,57553.0;2000,64,25714.0;2000,13,32880.0;2000,63,24142.0;2000,62,11167.0;2000,248,7692.0;2000,61,11444.0;2000,60,9091.0;2000,80,62793.0;2000,355,24468.0;2000,273,5095.0;2000,462,9584.0;2000,463,6410.0;2001,15,10000.0;2001,16,25000.0;2001,17,11143.0;2001,21,21504.0;2001,22,13499.0;2001,23,22336.0;2001,24,46553.0;2001,25,22373.0;2001,28,7057.0;2001,30,22518.0;2001,4,71592.0;2001,33,12020.0;2001,34,7633.0;2001,35,23946.0;2001,37,20827.0;2001,39,31859.0;2001,44,26137.0;2001,172,42586.0;2001,171,37571.0;2001,34845,37571.0;2001,170,13958.0;2001,165,31558.0;2001,163,23207.0;2001,162,39699.0;2001,128,19545.0;2001,167,6425.0;2001,161,53321.0;2001,201,5900.0;2001,65,30391.0;2001,157,9288.0;2001,156,20107.0;2001,158,10841.0;2001,155,32639.0;2001,3,57473.0;2001,152,21995.0;2001,6,63902.0;2001,149,23944.0;2001,148,8523.0;2001,138,35354.0;2001,137,18400.0;2001,135,16293.0;2001,134,4583.0;2001,2,70176.0;2001,133,10204.0;2001,8,33805.0;2001,14,34093.0;2001,130,8550.0;2001,131,13110.0;2001,129,38856.0;2001,208,18717.0;2001,126,20801.0;2001,122,18637.0;2001,124,11571.0;2001,123,2741.0;2001,120,4709.0;2001,119,23136.0;2001,210,46090.0;2001,212,40000.0;2001,114,20000.0;2001,113,24530.0;2001,112,5600.0;2001,110,5434.0;2001,107,10814.0;2001,5,57991.0;2001,106,52000.0;2001,102,35267.0;2001,140,12242.0;2001,101,8752.0;2001,97,11550.0;2001,11,31092.0;2001,95,10705.0;2001,226,29969.0;2001,127,42234.0;2001,111,23578.0;2001,92,29880.0;2001,12,20111.0;2001,90,51153.0;2001,268,32581.0;2001,85,32902.0;2001,83,35131.0;2001,81,17945.0;2001,9,20886.0;2001,10,40830.0;2001,7,55924.0;2001,77,15011.0;2001,76,8601.0;2001,75,18995.0;2001,66,18673.0;2001,71,11709.0;2001,70,21345.0;2001,69,5111.0;2001,67,25979.0;2001,1,53494.0;2001,64,25556.0;2001,13,31266.0;2001,63,9124.0;2001,62,15533.0;2001,248,7540.0;2001,61,11138.0;2001,60,9167.0;2001,80,54897.0;2001,355,25691.0;2001,273,8395.0;2001,462,11815.0;2001,463,6425.0;2001,464,7018.0;2001,465,17709.0;2001,466,20000.0;2001,290,26086.0;2001,450,27646.0;2001,477,24440.0;2001,295,15607.0;2001,275,17853.0;2001,469,13245.0;2001,467,37016.0;2001,470,16304.0;2001,471,18995.0;2001,472,16972.0;2001,276,31595.0;2001,473,23738.0;2001,474,44294.0;2001,475,22706.0;2001,476,60268.0;2001,277,22887.0;2001,34981,22887.0;2001,318,41313.0;2001,454,10753.0;2001,34987,13148.0;2001,34988,14552.0;2001,34989,8181.0;2002,463,6432.0;2002,464,8704.0;2002,465,24626.0;2002,466,20000.0;2002,290,23799.0;2002,450,24765.0;2002,477,25998.0;2002,295,17084.0;2002,275,18322.0;2002,469,13212.0;2002,467,35573.0;2002,470,18416.0;2002,471,19421.0;2002,472,16953.0;2002,276,31340.0;2002,473,23037.0;2002,474,43349.0;2002,475,27684.0;2002,476,59850.0;2002,277,10923.0;2002,34981,10923.0;2002,318,41233.0;2002,454,13798.0;2002,34987,14251.0;2002,34988,13410.0;2002,34989,10742.0;2002,15,14619.0;2002,16,47500.0;2002,17,10367.0;2002,21,21927.0;2002,22,17746.0;2002,23,10003.0;2002,24,42866.0;2002,25,22800.0;2002,28,7411.0;2002,30,24903.0;2002,4,75485.0;2002,33,10937.0;2002,34,7057.0;2002,35,25406.0;2002,37,16595.0;2002,39,31159.0;2002,44,22346.0;2002,172,44213.0;2002,171,36368.0;2002,34845,36368.0;2002,170,16657.0;2002,165,33748.0;2002,163,24272.0;2002,162,36728.0;2002,128,17692.0;2002,167,6432.0;2002,161,49980.0;2002,201,6342.0;2002,65,30538.0;2002,157,2408.0;2002,156,19190.0;2002,158,14409.0;2002,155,33270.0;2002,3,66875.0;2002,152,14980.0;2002,6,55462.0;2002,149,24956.0;2002,148,8448.0;2002,138,28232.0;2002,137,21600.0;2002,135,18473.0;2002,134,7944.0;2002,2,54705.0;2002,133,15431.0;2002,8,34721.0;2002,14,33680.0;2002,130,10252.0;2002,131,12718.0;2002,129,31286.0;2002,208,20000.0;2002,126,23477.0;2002,122,19864.0;2002,124,14870.0;2002,123,2717.0;2002,120,4791.0;2002,119,23866.0;2002,210,54067.0;2002,212,39190.0;2002,114,20000.0;2002,113,26091.0;2002,112,6851.0;2002,110,8335.0;2002,107,11107.0;2002,5,55374.0;2002,106,56453.0;2002,102,32829.0;2002,140,19990.0;2002,101,9024.0;2002,97,12844.0;2002,11,32072.0;2002,95,17874.0;2002,226,30000.0;2002,127,37650.0;2002,111,19598.0;2002,92,21108.0;2002,12,19721.0;2002,90,54151.0;2002,268,26843.0;2002,85,35698.0;2002,83,38844.0;2002,81,25000.0;2002,9,26962.0;2002,10,42155.0;2002,7,63124.0;2002,77,7451.0;2002,76,14482.0;2002,75,19421.0;2002,66,26541.0;2002,71,9204.0;2002,70,23069.0;2002,69,7273.0;2002,67,24957.0;2002,1,55658.0;2002,64,23636.0;2002,13,29608.0;2002,63,21144.0;2002,62,17084.0;2002,248,7478.0;2002,61,9911.0;2002,60,9388.0;2002,80,55000.0;2002,355,24737.0;2002,273,10463.0;2002,462,14604.0;2003,15,8889.0;2003,16,18710.0;2003,17,15619.0;2003,21,30072.0;2003,22,11305.0;2003,23,23190.0;2003,24,41559.0;2003,25,23190.0;2003,28,7113.0;2003,30,25498.0;2003,4,66377.0;2003,33,18796.0;2003,34,7745.0;2003,35,19030.0;2003,37,28964.0;2003,39,19400.0;2003,44,27664.0;2003,172,43930.0;2003,171,35058.0;2003,34845,35058.0;2003,170,15525.0;2003,165,24936.0;2003,163,23074.0;2003,162,37616.0;2003,128,20294.0;2003,167,6463.0;2003,161,53187.0;2003,201,6151.0;2003,65,28861.0;2003,157,1951.0;2003,156,19296.0;2003,158,10111.0;2003,155,32057.0;2003,3,55999.0;2003,152,13268.0;2003,6,50563.0;2003,149,21752.0;2003,148,8000.0;2003,138,23774.0;2003,137,20060.0;2003,135,19257.0;2003,134,8098.0;2003,2,65412.0;2003,133,17715.0;2003,8,32958.0;2003,14,31211.0;2003,130,9962.0;2003,131,11416.0;2003,129,29838.0;2003,208,20103.0;2003,126,22782.0;2003,122,19087.0;2003,124,17971.0;2003,123,2701.0;2003,120,4722.0;2003,119,29186.0;2003,210,53428.0;2003,212,40741.0;2003,114,19825.0;2003,113,29756.0;2003,112,10614.0;2003,110,11561.0;2003,107,11508.0;2003,5,63553.0;2003,106,58476.0;2003,102,36183.0;2003,140,19208.0;2003,101,9248.0;2003,97,12822.0;2003,11,27865.0;2003,95,11326.0;2003,226,30006.0;2003,127,38575.0;2003,111,7205.0;2003,92,17047.0;2003,12,19510.0;2003,90,61262.0;2003,268,17745.0;2003,85,29866.0;2003,83,28815.0;2003,81,28497.0;2003,9,27436.0;2003,10,41479.0;2003,7,55375.0;2003,77,8608.0;2003,76,14901.0;2003,75,19130.0;2003,66,17887.0;2003,71,9355.0;2003,70,23932.0;2003,69,9182.0;2003,67,14852.0;2003,1,59091.0;2003,64,20714.0;2003,13,31672.0;2003,63,27502.0;2003,62,14016.0;2003,248,7420.0;2003,61,7399.0;2003,60,9057.0;2003,80,50000.0;2003,355,24699.0;2003,273,12019.0;2003,462,10431.0;2003,463,6463.0;2003,464,12145.0;2003,465,28116.0;2003,466,19825.0;2003,290,28292.0;2003,450,28879.0;2003,477,29681.0;2003,295,23459.0;2003,275,18069.0;2003,469,12000.0;2003,467,34457.0;2003,470,17899.0;2003,471,19130.0;2003,472,17780.0;2003,276,28755.0;2003,473,19699.0;2003,474,45989.0;2003,475,27207.0;2003,476,52764.0;2003,277,23692.0;2003,34981,23692.0;2003,318,39574.0;2003,454,9641.0;2003,34987,11646.0;2003,34988,11947.0;2003,34989,10970.0;2004,463,6487.0;2004,464,11412.0;2004,465,21961.0;2004,290,32578.0;2004,450,34103.0;2004,477,28510.0;2004,295,24235.0;2004,275,18094.0;2004,469,9593.0;2004,467,39872.0;2004,470,17228.0;2004,471,19167.0;2004,472,17804.0;2004,276,33394.0;2004,473,23513.0;2004,474,46170.0;2004,475,33673.0;2004,476,65916.0;2004,277,17128.0;2004,34981,17128.0;2004,318,46859.0;2004,454,10356.0;2004,34987,11327.0;2004,34988,10497.0;2004,34989,10975.0;2004,15,9206.0;2004,16,24667.0;2004,17,13235.0;2004,21,32495.0;2004,22,20291.0;2004,23,16660.0;2004,24,52617.0;2004,25,22016.0;2004,28,7310.0;2004,30,32725.0;2004,4,78697.0;2004,33,12624.0;2004,34,7989.0;2004,35,29968.0;2004,37,27941.0;2004,39,35900.0;2004,44,32694.0;2004,172,48285.0;2004,171,40992.0;2004,34845,40992.0;2004,170,15111.0;2004,165,35181.0;2004,163,17279.0;2004,162,49700.0;2004,128,20000.0;2004,167,6487.0;2004,161,51486.0;2004,201,6427.0;2004,65,27430.0;2004,157,3248.0;2004,156,23066.0;2004,158,10962.0;2004,155,32431.0;2004,3,67654.0;2004,152,16522.0;2004,6,65639.0;2004,149,24886.0;2004,148,8077.0;2004,138,42688.0;2004,137,19750.0;2004,135,18374.0;2004,134,8412.0;2004,2,72216.0;2004,133,14499.0;2004,8,37937.0;2004,14,33177.0;2004,130,7233.0;2004,131,8451.0;2004,129,27320.0;2004,208,20103.0;2004,126,22791.0;2004,122,22955.0;2004,124,18904.0;2004,123,2696.0;2004,120,4620.0;2004,119,29395.0;2004,210,59409.0;2004,212,39828.0;2004,113,28591.0;2004,112,6102.0;2004,110,11877.0;2004,107,11166.0;2004,5,59917.0;2004,106,60600.0;2004,102,42315.0;2004,140,14407.0;2004,217,29482.0;2004,101,9606.0;2004,97,12379.0;2004,11,35218.0;2004,95,16512.0;2004,226,30010.0;2004,127,43920.0;2004,111,21464.0;2004,92,34126.0;2004,12,17966.0;2004,90,67682.0;2004,268,36847.0;2004,85,41259.0;2004,83,38977.0;2004,81,22236.0;2004,9,33472.0;2004,10,42588.0;2004,7,68822.0;2004,77,4085.0;2004,76,14610.0;2004,75,19167.0;2004,66,33472.0;2004,71,7054.0;2004,70,25093.0;2004,69,9231.0;2004,67,24552.0;2004,1,57584.0;2004,64,21333.0;2004,13,37428.0;2004,63,29758.0;2004,62,13819.0;2004,248,7600.0;2004,61,7084.0;2004,60,8889.0;2004,80,48649.0;2004,355,26741.0;2004,273,11498.0;2004,462,11100.0;2005,15,14042.0;2005,16,27297.0;2005,17,15085.0;2005,21,29891.0;2005,22,16921.0;2005,23,21523.0;2005,24,45876.0;2005,25,22077.0;2005,28,9176.0;2005,30,30704.0;2005,4,75478.0;2005,33,13385.0;2005,34,8036.0;2005,35,26410.0;2005,37,22576.0;2005,39,24870.0;2005,44,32134.0;2005,172,47636.0;2005,171,41444.0;2005,34845,41444.0;2005,170,16158.0;2005,165,32286.0;2005,163,11479.0;2005,162,42100.0;2005,128,24667.0;2005,167,6511.0;2005,161,53853.0;2005,201,5653.0;2005,65,27013.0;2005,157,10510.0;2005,156,25437.0;2005,158,11570.0;2005,155,35402.0;2005,3,64361.0;2005,152,13927.0;2005,6,59656.0;2005,149,24767.0;2005,148,9207.0;2005,138,37569.0;2005,137,19580.0;2005,135,17217.0;2005,134,7091.0;2005,2,62311.0;2005,133,16396.0;2005,8,37946.0;2005,14,33443.0;2005,130,8794.0;2005,131,10534.0;2005,129,32234.0;2005,208,23402.0;2005,126,20972.0;2005,122,24600.0;2005,124,20000.0;2005,123,2685.0;2005,120,4900.0;2005,119,27141.0;2005,210,53183.0;2005,212,40000.0;2005,113,24851.0;2005,112,6061.0;2005,110,5056.0;2005,107,11102.0;2005,5,60692.0;2005,106,60617.0;2005,102,36084.0;2005,140,20291.0;2005,217,29479.0;2005,101,9829.0;2005,97,12811.0;2005,11,32172.0;2005,95,5956.0;2005,226,30018.0;2005,127,47141.0;2005,111,17847.0;2005,92,22881.0;2005,12,18123.0;2005,90,63435.0;2005,268,29618.0;2005,85,36197.0;2005,83,39634.0;2005,81,25000.0;2005,9,14657.0;2005,10,42077.0;2005,7,61344.0;2005,77,5782.0;2005,76,15102.0;2005,75,19286.0;2005,66,27193.0;2005,71,9894.0;2005,70,26168.0;2005,69,10000.0;2005,67,20631.0;2005,1,58582.0;2005,64,22500.0;2005,13,34873.0;2005,63,31024.0;2005,62,15145.0;2005,248,7345.0;2005,61,6139.0;2005,60,8929.0;2005,80,53750.0;2005,355,25061.0;2005,273,9329.0;2005,462,12053.0;2005,463,6511.0;2005,464,7962.0;2005,465,24675.0;2005,290,31036.0;2005,450,32865.0;2005,477,24791.0;2005,295,22104.0;2005,275,18866.0;2005,469,11432.0;2005,467,40717.0;2005,470,17149.0;2005,471,19286.0;2005,472,18246.0;2005,276,29682.0;2005,473,21752.0;2005,474,45410.0;2005,475,17736.0;2005,476,61095.0;2005,277,21960.0;2005,34981,21960.0;2005,318,39617.0;2005,454,11825.0;2005,34987,12635.0;2005,34988,11534.0;2005,34989,8637.0;2006,463,6536.0;2006,464,11746.0;2006,465,25948.0;2006,290,29857.0;2006,450,30553.0;2006,477,27503.0;2006,295,27149.0;2006,275,19486.0;2006,469,12251.0;2006,467,37515.0;2006,470,18252.0;2006,471,20000.0;2006,472,19328.0;2006,276,29876.0;2006,473,21525.0;2006,474,42605.0;2006,475,26884.0;2006,476,59904.0;2006,277,10721.0;2006,34981,10721.0;2006,318,40705.0;2006,454,14044.0;2006,34987,13813.0;2006,34988,13621.0;2006,34989,12212.0;2006,15,15424.0;2006,16,27586.0;2006,17,15215.0;2006,21,37574.0;2006,22,10015.0;2006,23,10179.0;2006,24,44276.0;2006,25,22218.0;2006,28,7843.0;2006,30,26905.0;2006,4,74957.0;2006,33,13362.0;2006,34,8122.0;2006,35,28978.0;2006,37,24695.0;2006,39,29417.0;2006,44,29703.0;2006,172,47041.0;2006,171,39084.0;2006,34845,39084.0;2006,170,14294.0;2006,165,36387.0;2006,163,11934.0;2006,162,35907.0;2006,128,24063.0;2006,167,6536.0;2006,161,48156.0;2006,201,6270.0;2006,65,16967.0;2006,157,11570.0;2006,156,21308.0;2006,158,14127.0;2006,155,34942.0;2006,3,62380.0;2006,152,11679.0;2006,6,59086.0;2006,149,24131.0;2006,148,10000.0;2006,138,36744.0;2006,137,19378.0;2006,135,18859.0;2006,134,8957.0;2006,2,68078.0;2006,133,11334.0;2006,8,38770.0;2006,14,32367.0;2006,130,5116.0;2006,131,11685.0;2006,129,33785.0;2006,208,23412.0;2006,126,19736.0;2006,122,19909.0;2006,124,20000.0;2006,123,2538.0;2006,120,4900.0;2006,119,19400.0;2006,210,52629.0;2006,212,40000.0;2006,113,27559.0;2006,112,36293.0;2006,215,22860.0;2006,110,11583.0;2006,107,10594.0;2006,5,60216.0;2006,106,58843.0;2006,102,35270.0;2006,140,20037.0;2006,217,28566.0;2006,101,9733.0;2006,97,12783.0;2006,11,25898.0;2006,95,23891.0;2006,226,30000.0;2006,127,26173.0;2006,111,18399.0;2006,92,23679.0;2006,12,18811.0;2006,90,62000.0;2006,88,29474.0;2006,85,34781.0;2006,83,36155.0;2006,81,26286.0;2006,9,25447.0;2006,10,36184.0;2006,7,61931.0;2006,77,9200.0;2006,76,16105.0;2006,75,20000.0;2006,66,28206.0;2006,71,8213.0;2006,70,26228.0;2006,69,12000.0;2006,67,21659.0;2006,1,59399.0;2006,64,22878.0;2006,13,32846.0;2006,63,33890.0;2006,62,12955.0;2006,248,7274.0;2006,61,7502.0;2006,60,9423.0;2006,80,54000.0;2006,355,24748.0;2006,273,12704.0;2006,462,14881.0;2007,15,15678.0;2007,16,25000.0;2007,17,12218.0;2007,21,35417.0;2007,22,24936.0;2007,23,14607.0;2007,24,41948.0;2007,25,23299.0;2007,28,8127.0;2007,30,28472.0;2007,4,77051.0;2007,33,12981.0;2007,34,7784.0;2007,35,29345.0;2007,37,23488.0;2007,39,22465.0;2007,44,27476.0;2007,172,47408.0;2007,171,36077.0;2007,34845,36077.0;2007,170,15785.0;2007,165,38181.0;2007,163,15288.0;2007,162,37968.0;2007,128,24194.0;2007,167,6555.0;2007,161,49156.0;2007,201,6378.0;2007,65,17325.0;2007,157,8886.0;2007,156,26655.0;2007,158,12466.0;2007,155,37210.0;2007,3,55770.0;2007,152,14981.0;2007,6,54173.0;2007,149,23037.0;2007,148,10781.0;2007,138,31661.0;2007,137,20582.0;2007,135,18906.0;2007,134,6839.0;2007,2,67134.0;2007,133,11250.0;2007,8,35548.0;2007,14,35891.0;2007,130,2831.0;2007,131,13283.0;2007,129,30000.0;2007,208,23412.0;2007,126,18121.0;2007,122,24123.0;2007,124,21016.0;2007,123,2511.0;2007,120,4900.0;2007,119,26578.0;2007,210,48380.0;2007,212,40000.0;2007,113,22807.0;2007,112,13775.0;2007,215,12189.0;2007,110,3825.0;2007,107,10644.0;2007,5,57778.0;2007,106,69079.0;2007,102,34498.0;2007,140,13463.0;2007,217,29190.0;2007,101,9894.0;2007,97,12406.0;2007,11,32523.0;2007,95,18568.0;2007,226,30000.0;2007,127,31430.0;2007,111,9027.0;2007,92,15689.0;2007,12,18590.0;2007,90,62222.0;2007,88,27599.0;2007,85,31421.0;2007,83,36641.0;2007,81,30330.0;2007,9,37001.0;2007,10,44843.0;2007,7,60360.0;2007,77,5757.0;2007,76,16794.0;2007,75,25000.0;2007,66,22324.0;2007,71,12245.0;2007,70,22042.0;2007,69,9623.0;2007,67,14629.0;2007,72,79508.0;2007,1,56559.0;2007,64,20976.0;2007,13,32278.0;2007,63,22446.0;2007,62,17647.0;2007,248,7692.0;2007,61,8084.0;2007,60,10000.0;2007,80,53333.0;2007,355,24069.0;2007,273,9029.0;2007,462,12956.0;2007,463,6555.0;2007,464,7449.0;2007,465,29667.0;2007,290,27951.0;2007,450,28732.0;2007,477,22767.0;2007,295,25076.0;2007,275,17434.0;2007,469,13640.0;2007,467,35321.0;2007,470,18612.0;2007,471,25000.0;2007,472,15578.0;2007,276,30322.0;2007,473,20004.0;2007,474,44545.0;2007,475,35841.0;2007,476,54625.0;2007,277,15173.0;2007,34981,15173.0;2007,318,42305.0;2007,454,12756.0;2007,34987,14022.0;2007,34988,12045.0;2007,34989,8475.0;2008,463,6586.0;2008,464,7137.0;2008,465,27534.0;2008,290,31930.0;2008,450,33813.0;2008,477,25090.0;2008,295,25131.0;2008,275,16006.0;2008,469,10908.0;2008,467,35140.0;2008,470,15772.0;2008,471,29412.0;2008,472,14882.0;2008,276,36146.0;2008,473,28322.0;2008,474,46060.0;2008,475,32879.0;2008,476,63498.0;2008,277,16538.0;2008,34981,16538.0;2008,318,45257.0;2008,454,13315.0;2008,34987,13549.0;2008,34988,10318.0;2008,34989,9345.0;2008,15,14110.0;2008,16,25714.0;2008,17,9082.0;2008,21,29500.0;2008,22,22501.0;2008,23,15945.0;2008,24,52079.0;2008,25,25080.0;2008,28,8760.0;2008,30,36104.0;2008,4,60001.0;2008,33,15613.0;2008,34,7791.0;2008,35,34248.0;2008,37,29887.0;2008,39,39433.0;2008,44,33646.0;2008,172,46486.0;2008,171,35568.0;2008,34845,35568.0;2008,170,19478.0;2008,165,42588.0;2008,163,11395.0;2008,162,46515.0;2008,128,24074.0;2008,167,6586.0;2008,161,47344.0;2008,201,5475.0;2008,65,19526.0;2008,157,2241.0;2008,156,25575.0;2008,158,13728.0;2008,155,36355.0;2008,3,67650.0;2008,152,16488.0;2008,6,61004.0;2008,149,25333.0;2008,148,11507.0;2008,138,44517.0;2008,137,19914.0;2008,135,14460.0;2008,134,9404.0;2008,2,69124.0;2008,133,8648.0;2008,8,37468.0;2008,14,38341.0;2008,130,3799.0;2008,131,10310.0;2008,129,30386.0;2008,208,20101.0;2008,126,15799.0;2008,122,23407.0;2008,124,20000.0;2008,123,2505.0;2008,120,4900.0;2008,119,29185.0;2008,210,54231.0;2008,212,40000.0;2008,113,25137.0;2008,112,10450.0;2008,215,28513.0;2008,110,6204.0;2008,107,10757.0;2008,5,61793.0;2008,106,60611.0;2008,102,42969.0;2008,140,9056.0;2008,217,29167.0;2008,101,9594.0;2008,97,12658.0;2008,11,29998.0;2008,95,23155.0;2008,226,30000.0;2008,127,31625.0;2008,111,27126.0;2008,92,31275.0;2008,12,24572.0;2008,90,61075.0;2008,88,37238.0;2008,85,41836.0;2008,83,39933.0;2008,81,28134.0;2008,9,32524.0;2008,10,41853.0;2008,7,60787.0;2008,77,1822.0;2008,76,8885.0;2008,75,29412.0;2008,66,34377.0;2008,71,9845.0;2008,70,21679.0;2008,69,10000.0;2008,67,30264.0;2008,72,79545.0;2008,1,59535.0;2008,64,20000.0;2008,13,34195.0;2008,63,31524.0;2008,62,20000.0;2008,248,6905.0;2008,61,7154.0;2008,60,10000.0;2008,80,53816.0;2008,355,27989.0;2008,273,9162.0;2008,462,14039.0;2009,15,18202.0;2009,16,26471.0;2009,17,17616.0;2009,21,26974.0;2009,22,21822.0;2009,23,17789.0;2009,24,46005.0;2009,25,23941.0;2009,28,8597.0;2009,30,35174.0;2009,4,83906.0;2009,33,12106.0;2009,34,8510.0;2009,35,34365.0;2009,37,25984.0;2009,39,33224.0;2009,44,32620.0;2009,172,39661.0;2009,171,37006.0;2009,34845,37006.0;2009,170,24121.0;2009,165,40885.0;2009,163,17863.0;2009,162,44040.0;2009,128,21284.0;2009,167,6615.0;2009,161,57231.0;2009,201,6077.0;2009,65,15626.0;2009,157,11447.0;2009,156,26795.0;2009,158,15503.0;2009,155,38644.0;2009,3,68347.0;2009,152,11437.0;2009,6,65436.0;2009,149,23333.0;2009,148,12118.0;2009,138,33160.0;2009,137,23935.0;2009,135,20566.0;2009,134,12843.0;2009,2,63378.0;2009,133,8074.0;2009,8,34198.0;2009,14,30897.0;2009,130,5458.0;2009,131,14737.0;2009,129,30778.0;2009,208,20430.0;2009,126,23436.0;2009,122,25358.0;2009,124,20625.0;2009,123,2529.0;2009,120,5050.0;2009,119,30937.0;2009,210,58049.0;2009,212,40385.0;2009,113,21704.0;2009,112,12630.0;2009,215,27522.0;2009,110,17269.0;2009,107,8996.0;2009,5,69648.0;2009,106,56042.0;2009,102,34690.0;2009,140,8909.0;2009,217,29143.0;2009,101,9477.0;2009,97,13606.0;2009,11,34433.0;2009,95,17756.0;2009,226,30041.0;2009,127,30571.0;2009,111,17146.0;2009,92,22957.0;2009,12,23156.0;2009,90,58880.0;2009,88,31719.0;2009,85,34494.0;2009,83,35240.0;2009,81,28892.0;2009,9,24121.0;2009,10,46459.0;2009,7,64116.0;2009,77,6554.0;2009,76,17564.0;2009,75,33333.0;2009,66,30104.0;2009,71,15683.0;2009,70,24519.0;2009,69,11887.0;2009,67,23697.0;2009,72,79870.0;2009,1,58338.0;2009,64,16222.0;2009,13,39287.0;2009,63,33013.0;2009,62,26375.0;2009,248,6526.0;2009,61,7189.0;2009,60,10000.0;2009,80,54013.0;2009,355,28147.0;2009,273,16534.0;2009,462,15752.0;2009,463,6615.0;2009,464,16553.0;2009,465,27925.0;2009,290,32116.0;2009,450,34631.0;2009,477,21661.0;2009,295,24079.0;2009,275,19893.0;2009,469,15735.0;2009,467,35477.0;2009,470,20737.0;2009,471,33333.0;2009,472,18711.0;2009,276,34480.0;2009,473,25569.0;2009,474,48727.0;2009,475,25516.0;2009,476,66178.0;2009,277,18446.0;2009,34981,18446.0;2009,318,44727.0;2009,454,15488.0;2009,34987,16624.0;2009,34988,14633.0;2009,34989,16153.0;2010,463,6667.0;2010,464,12740.0;2010,465,22966.0;2010,466,21642.0;2010,290,33339.0;2010,450,34065.0;2010,477,25071.0;2010,295,33137.0;2010,275,18336.0;2010,469,11418.0;2010,467,36376.0;2010,470,21609.0;2010,471,29369.0;2010,472,16465.0;2010,276,32241.0;2010,473,21642.0;2010,474,45623.0;2010,475,28982.0;2010,476,62566.0;2010,277,18362.0;2010,34981,18362.0;2010,318,42978.0;2010,454,16287.0;2010,34987,14605.0;2010,34988,12829.0;2010,34989,14351.0;2010,15,20613.0;2010,16,29200.0;2010,17,12839.0;2010,21,39710.0;2010,22,19453.0;2010,23,17842.0;2010,24,46060.0;2010,25,19397.0;2010,28,8530.0;2010,30,28910.0;2010,4,91457.0;2010,33,13454.0;2010,34,8584.0;2010,35,26927.0;2010,37,33115.0;2010,39,33957.0;2010,44,31859.0;2010,172,57773.0;2010,171,38769.0;2010,34845,38769.0;2010,170,18404.0;2010,165,32815.0;2010,163,17738.0;2010,162,40743.0;2010,128,26230.0;2010,167,6667.0;2010,161,51831.0;2010,201,7103.0;2010,65,13346.0;2010,157,9489.0;2010,156,24362.0;2010,158,16276.0;2010,155,32108.0;2010,3,63273.0;2010,152,11311.0;2010,6,62981.0;2010,149,28384.0;2010,148,13182.0;2010,138,33576.0;2010,137,21717.0;2010,135,22595.0;2010,134,11306.0;2010,2,69966.0;2010,133,8277.0;2010,8,36223.0;2010,14,27411.0;2010,130,5466.0;2010,131,9850.0;2010,129,25562.0;2010,208,20431.0;2010,126,18894.0;2010,122,22749.0;2010,124,20439.0;2010,123,3204.0;2010,120,5469.0;2010,119,23727.0;2010,210,52055.0;2010,212,41140.0;2010,114,21642.0;2010,113,25119.0;2010,112,9038.0;2010,215,27510.0;2010,110,13370.0;2010,107,10371.0;2010,5,61299.0;2010,106,58903.0;2010,102,37020.0;2010,140,14010.0;2010,217,40888.0;2010,101,8490.0;2010,97,14038.0;2010,11,31578.0;2010,95,15140.0;2010,226,30042.0;2010,127,21077.0;2010,111,16306.0;2010,92,25682.0;2010,12,16904.0;2010,90,69277.0;2010,88,29022.0;2010,85,27173.0;2010,83,42776.0;2010,81,23467.0;2010,9,28259.0;2010,10,39713.0;2010,7,60145.0;2010,77,4453.0;2010,76,16767.0;2010,75,29369.0;2010,66,29511.0;2010,71,12826.0;2010,70,24168.0;2010,69,12629.0;2010,67,19655.0;2010,72,80292.0;2010,1,57025.0;2010,64,20122.0;2010,13,39345.0;2010,63,30113.0;2010,62,20485.0;2010,248,5714.0;2010,61,8349.0;2010,60,10000.0;2010,80,54213.0;2010,355,26110.0;2010,273,13853.0;2010,462,16494.0;2011,15,16100.0;2011,16,30634.0;2011,17,12954.0;2011,21,36439.0;2011,22,26259.0;2011,23,21719.0;2011,24,56064.0;2011,25,23448.0;2011,28,8848.0;2011,30,29531.0;2011,4,76952.0;2011,33,19569.0;2011,34,8746.0;2011,35,31654.0;2011,37,34439.0;2011,39,39500.0;2011,44,32796.0;2011,172,60782.0;2011,171,31996.0;2011,34845,31996.0;2011,170,17158.0;2011,165,40143.0;2011,163,18344.0;2011,162,48653.0;2011,128,20370.0;2011,167,6693.0;2011,161,53912.0;2011,201,8576.0;2011,65,18112.0;2011,157,9604.0;2011,156,24992.0;2011,158,16721.0;2011,155,35053.0;2011,3,56796.0;2011,152,19057.0;2011,6,54651.0;2011,149,26327.0;2011,148,12649.0;2011,138,37854.0;2011,137,23574.0;2011,135,15957.0;2011,134,11414.0;2011,2,78184.0;2011,133,9466.0;2011,8,35208.0;2011,14,28536.0;2011,130,10536.0;2011,131,17113.0;2011,129,34641.0;2011,208,20353.0;2011,126,19167.0;2011,122,24682.0;2011,124,18044.0;2011,123,2946.0;2011,120,5068.0;2011,119,30067.0;2011,210,48434.0;2011,212,41888.0;2011,114,21908.0;2011,113,22325.0;2011,112,10083.0;2011,215,26419.0;2011,110,11440.0;2011,107,10625.0;2011,5,60452.0;2011,106,56724.0;2011,102,33424.0;2011,140,13904.0;2011,217,30413.0;2011,101,9235.0;2011,97,13590.0;2011,11,32671.0;2011,95,12617.0;2011,226,30056.0;2011,127,25993.0;2011,111,18848.0;2011,92,31727.0;2011,12,22028.0;2011,90,68352.0;2011,88,35969.0;2011,85,38660.0;2011,83,45423.0;2011,81,38927.0;2011,9,30685.0;2011,10,43625.0;2011,7,64713.0;2011,77,5158.0;2011,76,10422.0;2011,75,28015.0;2011,66,31514.0;2011,71,12141.0;2011,70,26612.0;2011,69,11369.0;2011,67,24694.0;2011,72,82143.0;2011,1,56639.0;2011,64,9188.0;2011,13,37432.0;2011,63,31252.0;2011,62,18721.0;2011,248,5917.0;2011,61,6744.0;2011,60,10000.0;2011,80,54320.0;2011,355,27368.0;2011,273,13262.0;2011,462,16949.0;2011,463,6693.0;2011,464,11678.0;2011,465,38108.0;2011,466,21908.0;2011,290,33101.0;2011,450,34081.0;2011,477,22275.0;2011,295,32574.0;2011,275,19003.0;2011,469,16941.0;2011,467,30745.0;2011,470,17783.0;2011,471,28015.0;2011,472,18869.0;2011,276,33314.0;2011,473,25390.0;2011,474,47601.0;2011,475,31150.0;2011,476,56102.0;2011,277,22325.0;2011,34981,22325.0;2011,318,43459.0;2011,454,15774.0;2011,34987,17607.0;2011,34988,13698.0;2011,34989,13089.0;2012,463,6786.0;2012,464,9833.0;2012,465,34384.0;2012,466,22173.0;2012,290,33868.0;2012,450,37976.0;2012,477,31368.0;2012,295,27828.0;2012,275,18438.0;2012,469,10091.0;2012,467,31777.0;2012,470,18858.0;2012,471,27577.0;2012,472,19892.0;2012,276,32410.0;2012,473,22477.0;2012,474,48463.0;2012,475,24281.0;2012,476,63989.0;2012,277,22885.0;2012,34981,22885.0;2012,318,43965.0;2012,454,16880.0;2012,34987,14310.0;2012,34988,15011.0;2012,34989,11339.0;2012,15,18000.0;2012,16,28000.0;2012,17,15446.0;2012,21,30440.0;2012,22,26118.0;2012,23,22109.0;2012,24,43988.0;2012,25,24739.0;2012,28,8864.0;2012,30,34427.0;2012,4,78235.0;2012,33,17781.0;2012,34,9764.0;2012,35,31945.0;2012,37,25793.0;2012,39,34578.0;2012,44,38895.0;2012,172,51249.0;2012,171,33187.0;2012,34845,33187.0;2012,170,20399.0;2012,165,41434.0;2012,163,23231.0;2012,162,42279.0;2012,128,14500.0;2012,167,6786.0;2012,161,56106.0;2012,201,5476.0;2012,65,13150.0;2012,157,9948.0;2012,156,31312.0;2012,158,17489.0;2012,155,35040.0;2012,3,67381.0;2012,152,15802.0;2012,6,61934.0;2012,149,26284.0;2012,148,12727.0;2012,138,36166.0;2012,137,25194.0;2012,135,17044.0;2012,134,15829.0;2012,2,65394.0;2012,133,30189.0;2012,8,38201.0;2012,14,28543.0;2012,130,8819.0;2012,131,9123.0;2012,129,43949.0;2012,208,20725.0;2012,126,14476.0;2012,122,28806.0;2012,124,17823.0;2012,123,2673.0;2012,120,5041.0;2012,119,34142.0;2012,210,53380.0;2012,212,41388.0;2012,114,22173.0;2012,113,31431.0;2012,112,14094.0;2012,215,22634.0;2012,110,6346.0;2012,107,12454.0;2012,5,68996.0;2012,106,66784.0;2012,102,36618.0;2012,140,18022.0;2012,217,31250.0;2012,101,9100.0;2012,97,14188.0;2012,11,36018.0;2012,95,12651.0;2012,226,30000.0;2012,127,28226.0;2012,111,12910.0;2012,92,23299.0;2012,12,18259.0;2012,90,66766.0;2012,88,34450.0;2012,85,31791.0;2012,83,47157.0;2012,81,35084.0;2012,9,22133.0;2012,10,46117.0;2012,7,64715.0;2012,77,6427.0;2012,76,14050.0;2012,75,27577.0;2012,66,22014.0;2012,71,12369.0;2012,70,25831.0;2012,69,11909.0;2012,67,21064.0;2012,72,78667.0;2012,1,55110.0;2012,64,16154.0;2012,13,36533.0;2012,63,18755.0;2012,62,17364.0;2012,248,5441.0;2012,61,8108.0;2012,60,10000.0;2012,80,54427.0;2012,355,26901.0;2012,273,12033.0;2012,462,17806.0;2013,15,18489.0;2013,16,27880.0;2013,17,16694.0;2013,21,39102.0;2013,22,29306.0;2013,23,23327.0;2013,24,51480.0;2013,25,24257.0;2013,28,8966.0;2013,30,29352.0;2013,4,83252.0;2013,33,12720.0;2013,34,7955.0;2013,35,34261.0;2013,37,37441.0;2013,39,36910.0;2013,44,38597.0;2013,172,60302.0;2013,171,36502.0;2013,34845,36502.0;2013,170,21416.0;2013,165,37426.0;2013,163,15300.0;2013,162,45668.0;2013,128,15150.0;2013,167,6786.0;2013,161,57303.0;2013,201,8036.0;2013,65,16703.0;2013,157,14444.0;2013,156,33133.0;2013,158,18718.0;2013,155,38515.0;2013,3,63079.0;2013,152,12774.0;2013,6,65866.0;2013,149,28249.0;2013,148,12727.0;2013,138,40534.0;2013,137,25180.0;2013,135,17199.0;2013,134,12331.0;2013,2,75789.0;2013,133,28584.0;2013,8,36901.0;2013,14,30774.0;2013,130,10660.0;2013,131,13824.0;2013,129,33481.0;2013,208,20000.0;2013,126,21066.0;2013,122,27237.0;2013,124,17735.0;2013,123,2726.0;2013,120,4850.0;2013,119,32762.0;2013,210,55175.0;2013,212,41639.0;2013,114,22438.0;2013,113,20021.0;2013,112,13631.0;2013,215,29193.0;2013,110,13841.0;2013,107,11414.0;2013,5,70282.0;2013,106,67910.0;2013,102,32330.0;2013,140,17651.0;2013,217,3205.0;2013,101,9207.0;2013,97,14568.0;2013,11,35776.0;2013,95,17927.0;2013,226,30050.0;2013,127,23534.0;2013,111,21115.0;2013,92,31181.0;2013,12,19209.0;2013,90,75013.0;2013,88,39960.0;2013,85,36771.0;2013,83,40027.0;2013,81,32895.0;2013,9,35934.0;2013,10,50041.0;2013,7,57688.0;2013,77,7213.0;2013,76,16942.0;2013,75,27905.0;2013,66,29936.0;2013,71,6233.0;2013,70,29070.0;2013,69,11044.0;2013,67,23388.0;2013,72,78125.0;2013,1,58467.0;2013,64,16642.0;2013,13,38358.0;2013,63,20131.0;2013,62,15002.0;2013,248,5429.0;2013,61,7770.0;2013,60,10000.0;2013,80,54534.0;2013,355,29063.0;2013,273,14811.0;2013,462,18989.0;2013,463,6786.0;2013,464,13129.0;2013,465,32230.0;2013,466,22438.0;2013,290,36324.0;2013,450,38521.0;2013,477,19994.0;2013,295,34100.0;2013,275,19713.0;2013,469,14433.0;2013,467,34456.0;2013,470,19096.0;2013,471,27905.0;2013,472,20554.0;2013,276,34895.0;2013,473,23407.0;2013,474,51305.0;2013,475,35653.0;2013,476,64135.0;2013,277,24164.0;2013,34981,24164.0;2013,318,48344.0;2013,454,17954.0;2013,34987,17072.0;2013,34988,15747.0;2013,34989,14455.0;2014,463,6790.0;2014,464,11073.0;2014,465,34784.0;2014,466,22704.0;2014,290,32791.0;2014,450,35186.0;2014,477,26920.0;2014,295,28498.0;2014,275,17755.0;2014,469,12836.0;2014,467,36030.0;2014,470,21454.0;2014,471,28232.0;2014,472,16190.0;2014,276,36927.0;2014,473,27710.0;2014,474,53637.0;2014,475,26541.0;2014,476,69602.0;2014,277,24733.0;2014,34981,24733.0;2014,318,48847.0;2014,454,17740.0;2014,34987,15950.0;2014,34988,15021.0;2014,34989,13894.0;2014,15,15213.0;2014,16,27007.0;2014,17,11863.0;2014,21,32642.0;2014,22,30141.0;2014,23,24054.0;2014,24,57994.0;2014,25,20302.0;2014,28,10726.0;2014,30,36426.0;2014,4,92097.0;2014,33,10746.0;2014,34,7401.0;2014,35,26631.0;2014,37,28120.0;2014,39,39695.0;2014,44,33327.0;2014,172,52529.0;2014,171,38652.0;2014,34845,38652.0;2014,170,22443.0;2014,165,38040.0;2014,163,1436.0;2014,162,56118.0;2014,128,16630.0;2014,167,6790.0;2014,161,58696.0;2014,201,9236.0;2014,65,16905.0;2014,157,10238.0;2014,156,36415.0;2014,158,19653.0;2014,155,37327.0;2014,3,66475.0;2014,152,13462.0;2014,6,73475.0;2014,149,25751.0;2014,148,13000.0;2014,138,44238.0;2014,137,27232.0;2014,135,20990.0;2014,134,11152.0;2014,2,80250.0;2014,133,24683.0;2014,8,36374.0;2014,14,28189.0;2014,130,10192.0;2014,131,12632.0;2014,129,30374.0;2014,208,62249.0;2014,126,12683.0;2014,122,35431.0;2014,124,17737.0;2014,123,2727.0;2014,120,5010.0;2014,119,38146.0;2014,210,55262.0;2014,212,41891.0;2014,114,22704.0;2014,113,26965.0;2014,112,12336.0;2014,215,27052.0;2014,110,10334.0;2014,107,12361.0;2014,5,71316.0;2014,106,68380.0;2014,102,41690.0;2014,140,15830.0;2014,217,326.0;2014,101,9389.0;2014,97,15005.0;2014,11,40516.0;2014,95,22083.0;2014,226,30043.0;2014,127,28952.0;2014,111,22855.0;2014,92,33438.0;2014,12,22710.0;2014,90,79291.0;2014,88,35603.0;2014,85,48684.0;2014,83,48534.0;2014,81,35477.0;2014,9,25010.0;2014,10,47835.0;2014,7,74135.0;2014,77,4917.0;2014,76,15427.0;2014,75,28232.0;2014,66,37188.0;2014,71,13444.0;2014,70,23171.0;2014,69,12183.0;2014,67,30122.0;2014,72,78912.0;2014,1,63991.0;2014,64,16601.0;2014,13,39115.0;2014,63,24545.0;2014,62,15510.0;2014,248,5429.0;2014,61,7579.0;2014,60,10127.0;2014,80,54641.0;2014,355,29233.0;2014,273,13676.0;2014,462,19634.0
23748;1961,213,15126.0;1961,113,9934.0;1961,216,10000.0;1961,110,3171.0;1961,109,8706.0;1961,142,8089.0;1961,108,11765.0;1961,107,19514.0;1961,5,38984.0;1961,220,12632.0;1961,106,38652.0;1961,105,8482.0;1961,104,7496.0;1961,103,8051.0;1961,34984,22475.0;1961,101,10309.0;1961,100,8059.0;1961,99,9154.0;1961,98,12009.0;1961,97,13419.0;1961,96,6280.0;1961,11,27731.0;1961,95,12779.0;1961,93,9780.0;1961,127,6788.0;1961,245,39474.0;1961,92,16741.0;1961,91,7483.0;1961,229,12500.0;1961,230,40000.0;1961,232,14815.0;1961,90,5000.0;1961,89,8857.0;1961,87,5261.0;1961,82,8696.0;1961,81,12853.0;1961,9,23882.0;1961,141,7269.0;1961,5396,4317.0;1961,234,17229.0;1961,78,4001.0;1961,7,46734.0;1961,77,1787.0;1961,75,20076.0;1961,3897,10938.0;1961,74,4926.0;1961,73,30000.0;1961,70,14426.0;1961,68,10983.0;1961,64,7468.0;1961,13,39184.0;1961,63,7864.0;1961,270,23951.0;1961,221,5000.0;1961,238,10792.0;1961,84,11230.0;1961,61,24400.0;1961,34980,18122.0;1961,60,8800.0;1961,80,11929.0;1961,355,19423.0;1961,273,10444.0;1961,462,10055.0;1961,463,7521.0;1961,464,15914.0;1961,465,12548.0;1961,466,7414.0;1961,290,26789.0;1961,450,39229.0;1961,477,9738.0;1961,436,10384.0;1961,295,13734.0;1961,275,11369.0;1961,467,12276.0;1961,470,10730.0;1961,471,9017.0;1961,472,13643.0;1961,276,21695.0;1961,473,21563.0;1961,475,21126.0;1961,476,26028.0;1961,277,21533.0;1961,34981,21811.0;1961,478,10048.0;1961,34752,22318.0;1961,318,21036.0;1961,454,9628.0;1961,34987,11314.0;1961,5398,10141.0;1961,34988,10106.0;1961,34989,10495.0;1961,15,14000.0;1961,16,9541.0;1961,17,9746.0;1961,19,8113.0;1961,21,17672.0;1961,23,21213.0;1961,24,38605.0;1961,26,6667.0;1961,28,7988.0;1961,29,18842.0;1961,34978,45204.0;1961,31,5746.0;1961,32,5846.0;1961,33,13994.0;1961,34,12501.0;1961,36,4477.0;1961,37,13123.0;1961,39,22448.0;1961,40,5018.0;1961,41,9596.0;1961,18581,6500.0;1961,42,19789.0;1961,43,7826.0;1961,44,45822.0;1961,174,5333.0;1961,173,10588.0;1961,172,19538.0;1961,171,11848.0;1961,34845,11842.0;1961,34979,18061.0;1961,170,10657.0;1961,169,10455.0;1961,168,7500.0;1961,166,10239.0;1961,143,5294.0;1961,164,9238.0;1961,267,24742.0;1961,128,23714.0;1961,167,6852.0;1961,200,11818.0;1961,160,14352.0;1961,201,6726.0;1961,65,24014.0;1961,259,9279.0;1961,34982,9629.0;1961,202,22000.0;1961,3,25291.0;1961,253,50000.0;1961,153,15455.0;1961,151,3764.0;1961,6,28979.0;1961,150,9536.0;1961,149,11946.0;1961,206,8730.0;1961,252,20000.0;1961,254,22000.0;1961,148,8286.0;1961,147,11176.0;1961,94,6667.0;1961,146,9848.0;1961,145,10364.0;1961,139,10253.0;1961,138,20263.0;1961,137,9567.0;1961,136,9273.0;1961,135,8750.0;1961,134,9490.0;1961,133,39594.0;1961,8,32882.0;1961,132,5492.0;1961,14,26914.0;1961,130,11622.0;1961,129,12533.0;1961,125,17000.0;1961,124,20833.0;1961,123,8148.0;1961,120,15385.0;1961,118,14800.0;1961,117,10188.0;1961,116,12005.0;1961,211,10000.0;1961,115,7798.0;1961,114,6400.0;1962,15,14000.0;1962,16,9079.0;1962,17,5400.0;1962,19,8113.0;1962,21,18936.0;1962,23,21785.0;1962,24,35620.0;1962,26,8333.0;1962,28,7384.0;1962,29,25112.0;1962,34978,43894.0;1962,31,5825.0;1962,32,4944.0;1962,33,13983.0;1962,34,12399.0;1962,36,6822.0;1962,37,13048.0;1962,39,23903.0;1962,40,4866.0;1962,41,10322.0;1962,18581,6500.0;1962,42,15019.0;1962,43,7447.0;1962,44,47721.0;1962,174,4286.0;1962,173,10000.0;1962,172,21377.0;1962,171,12706.0;1962,34845,12695.0;1962,34979,20147.0;1962,170,10818.0;1962,169,10952.0;1962,168,7500.0;1962,166,10517.0;1962,143,7623.0;1962,164,9333.0;1962,267,23498.0;1962,128,24623.0;1962,167,6923.0;1962,200,11818.0;1962,160,15145.0;1962,201,6517.0;1962,65,26040.0;1962,259,10765.0;1962,34982,9610.0;1962,202,22000.0;1962,3,21489.0;1962,253,94186.0;1962,153,15455.0;1962,151,3124.0;1962,6,32319.0;1962,150,9283.0;1962,149,12985.0;1962,206,8730.0;1962,252,20000.0;1962,254,22000.0;1962,148,8748.0;1962,147,10588.0;1962,94,6667.0;1962,146,9407.0;1962,145,10409.0;1962,139,10526.0;1962,138,25149.0;1962,137,9922.0;1962,136,10214.0;1962,135,8750.0;1962,134,9915.0;1962,133,39130.0;1962,8,29129.0;1962,132,7339.0;1962,14,24608.0;1962,130,11525.0;1962,129,12222.0;1962,125,15000.0;1962,124,21429.0;1962,123,8148.0;1962,120,10769.0;1962,118,13000.0;1962,117,10625.0;1962,116,12382.0;1962,211,10000.0;1962,115,8046.0;1962,114,6800.0;1962,213,17807.0;1962,113,9946.0;1962,216,10000.0;1962,110,9333.0;1962,109,8250.0;1962,142,5264.0;1962,108,11667.0;1962,107,19552.0;1962,5,38052.0;1962,220,14118.0;1962,106,46862.0;1962,105,8660.0;1962,104,7332.0;1962,103,8848.0;1962,34984,12746.0;1962,101,10525.0;1962,100,8651.0;1962,99,16566.0;1962,98,13000.0;1962,97,13027.0;1962,96,6529.0;1962,11,21591.0;1962,95,11751.0;1962,93,10122.0;1962,127,6796.0;1962,245,39474.0;1962,92,15876.0;1962,91,11755.0;1962,229,12500.0;1962,230,40000.0;1962,232,14815.0;1962,90,5000.0;1962,89,8710.0;1962,87,5261.0;1962,82,8667.0;1962,81,13877.0;1962,9,21408.0;1962,141,7814.0;1962,5396,4836.0;1962,234,17800.0;1962,78,4265.0;1962,7,45246.0;1962,77,1193.0;1962,75,20701.0;1962,3897,10000.0;1962,74,6047.0;1962,73,31953.0;1962,70,11994.0;1962,68,11118.0;1962,64,7500.0;1962,13,40621.0;1962,63,5806.0;1962,270,22090.0;1962,221,5000.0;1962,238,11184.0;1962,84,11987.0;1962,61,24423.0;1962,34980,21408.0;1962,60,8533.0;1962,80,11175.0;1962,355,19796.0;1962,273,11112.0;1962,462,9971.0;1962,463,7402.0;1962,464,19409.0;1962,465,13514.0;1962,466,7681.0;1962,290,27199.0;1962,450,40676.0;1962,477,9848.0;1962,436,10547.0;1962,295,13934.0;1962,275,11827.0;1962,467,13203.0;1962,470,10996.0;1962,471,9642.0;1962,472,11398.0;1962,276,21203.0;1962,473,20960.0;1962,475,21559.0;1962,476,22556.0;1962,277,22385.0;1962,34981,22626.0;1962,478,11058.0;1962,34752,15156.0;1962,318,20522.0;1962,454,9456.0;1962,34987,11231.0;1962,5398,10277.0;1962,34988,10278.0;1962,34989,10896.0;1963,213,12895.0;1963,113,9867.0;1963,216,10000.0;1963,110,10435.0;1963,109,8875.0;1963,142,7452.0;1963,108,11667.0;1963,107,19562.0;1963,5,42619.0;1963,220,15000.0;1963,106,48404.0;1963,105,8871.0;1963,104,6795.0;1963,103,10237.0;1963,34984,14918.0;1963,101,10522.0;1963,100,8061.0;1963,99,11959.0;1963,98,12500.0;1963,97,13281.0;1963,96,6812.0;1963,11,21212.0;1963,95,10729.0;1963,93,10122.0;1963,127,6493.0;1963,245,39474.0;1963,92,17822.0;1963,91,20000.0;1963,229,12500.0;1963,230,40000.0;1963,232,14815.0;1963,90,5000.0;1963,89,8182.0;1963,87,4973.0;1963,82,8647.0;1963,81,14121.0;1963,9,24044.0;1963,141,7096.0;1963,5396,7732.0;1963,234,17563.0;1963,78,4434.0;1963,7,48967.0;1963,77,1374.0;1963,75,22078.0;1963,3897,10207.0;1963,74,4759.0;1963,73,33939.0;1963,70,14776.0;1963,68,12531.0;1963,64,8854.0;1963,13,42596.0;1963,63,8707.0;1963,270,15930.0;1963,221,5000.0;1963,238,10081.0;1963,84,9307.0;1963,61,24528.0;1963,34980,22323.0;1963,60,7403.0;1963,80,9600.0;1963,355,20311.0;1963,273,11094.0;1963,462,9574.0;1963,463,7260.0;1963,464,19493.0;1963,465,13771.0;1963,466,8234.0;1963,290,28135.0;1963,450,42582.0;1963,477,9800.0;1963,436,10592.0;1963,295,13452.0;1963,275,12419.0;1963,467,13873.0;1963,470,11051.0;1963,471,9438.0;1963,472,13873.0;1963,276,20867.0;1963,473,18402.0;1963,475,23107.0;1963,476,40457.0;1963,277,23054.0;1963,34981,23290.0;1963,478,11205.0;1963,34752,18739.0;1963,318,24419.0;1963,454,9352.0;1963,34987,10613.0;1963,5398,10316.0;1963,34988,10390.0;1963,34989,10791.0;1963,15,14260.0;1963,16,11924.0;1963,17,10716.0;1963,19,7692.0;1963,21,16481.0;1963,23,22343.0;1963,24,39033.0;1963,26,8333.0;1963,28,7725.0;1963,29,18830.0;1963,34978,51210.0;1963,31,6143.0;1963,32,4956.0;1963,33,14011.0;1963,34,12408.0;1963,36,7500.0;1963,37,13092.0;1963,39,26244.0;1963,40,6885.0;1963,41,9081.0;1963,18581,6500.0;1963,42,15930.0;1963,43,7556.0;1963,44,41108.0;1963,174,4286.0;1963,173,10000.0;1963,172,20868.0;1963,171,13404.0;1963,34845,13398.0;1963,34979,17974.0;1963,170,11348.0;1963,169,10222.0;1963,168,10200.0;1963,166,11125.0;1963,143,6815.0;1963,164,9500.0;1963,267,29339.0;1963,128,26981.0;1963,167,6796.0;1963,200,12174.0;1963,160,15194.0;1963,201,7782.0;1963,65,25824.0;1963,259,11992.0;1963,34982,9000.0;1963,202,22124.0;1963,3,40593.0;1963,253,70000.0;1963,153,15455.0;1963,151,3041.0;1963,6,34526.0;1963,150,9039.0;1963,149,13645.0;1963,206,8730.0;1963,252,20000.0;1963,254,23400.0;1963,148,8561.0;1963,147,8750.0;1963,94,6667.0;1963,146,9214.0;1963,145,10455.0;1963,139,10806.0;1963,138,27553.0;1963,137,9954.0;1963,136,9214.0;1963,135,8750.0;1963,134,10065.0;1963,133,44983.0;1963,8,32949.0;1963,132,6494.0;1963,14,26883.0;1963,130,7604.0;1963,129,12500.0;1963,125,15000.0;1963,124,20000.0;1963,123,8148.0;1963,120,12308.0;1963,118,11400.0;1963,117,8974.0;1963,116,16239.0;1963,211,10000.0;1963,115,8656.0;1963,114,5692.0;1964,15,14257.0;1964,16,11634.0;1964,17,11703.0;1964,19,8654.0;1964,21,18010.0;1964,23,19646.0;1964,24,42359.0;1964,26,8929.0;1964,28,7532.0;1964,29,17887.0;1964,34978,56558.0;1964,31,5469.0;1964,32,5447.0;1964,33,14000.0;1964,34,9091.0;1964,36,6722.0;1964,37,11606.0;1964,39,31264.0;1964,40,7614.0;1964,41,10158.0;1964,18581,6500.0;1964,42,16055.0;1964,43,7586.0;1964,44,50636.0;1964,174,7000.0;1964,173,6258.0;1964,172,27396.0;1964,171,14792.0;1964,34845,14784.0;1964,34979,21034.0;1964,170,12545.0;1964,169,10400.0;1964,168,10000.0;1964,166,9248.0;1964,143,6929.0;1964,164,9474.0;1964,267,26539.0;1964,128,28131.0;1964,167,6796.0;1964,200,12174.0;1964,160,14399.0;1964,201,4298.0;1964,65,27716.0;1964,259,11560.0;1964,34982,9700.0;1964,202,21978.0;1964,3,23546.0;1964,253,79167.0;1964,153,15273.0;1964,151,4074.0;1964,6,33691.0;1964,150,8537.0;1964,149,17443.0;1964,206,8730.0;1964,252,20000.0;1964,254,27000.0;1964,148,9212.0;1964,147,11494.0;1964,94,8333.0;1964,146,10647.0;1964,145,10311.0;1964,139,11086.0;1964,138,29030.0;1964,137,10100.0;1964,136,10336.0;1964,135,10000.0;1964,134,14000.0;1964,133,34909.0;1964,8,36907.0;1964,132,11046.0;1964,14,23539.0;1964,130,6407.0;1964,129,11714.0;1964,125,15833.0;1964,124,20000.0;1964,123,8148.0;1964,120,9231.0;1964,118,10418.0;1964,117,11211.0;1964,116,13441.0;1964,211,10000.0;1964,115,8372.0;1964,114,6154.0;1964,213,10000.0;1964,113,11332.0;1964,216,10000.0;1964,110,8696.0;1964,109,9000.0;1964,142,6484.0;1964,108,11667.0;1964,107,19542.0;1964,5,40000.0;1964,220,20000.0;1964,106,48394.0;1964,105,9060.0;1964,104,7863.0;1964,103,7600.0;1964,34984,12817.0;1964,101,10861.0;1964,100,8290.0;1964,99,10865.0;1964,98,12972.0;1964,97,14486.0;1964,96,6827.0;1964,11,24324.0;1964,95,12027.0;1964,93,11150.0;1964,127,8093.0;1964,245,39474.0;1964,92,20161.0;1964,91,8826.0;1964,229,15000.0;1964,230,40000.0;1964,232,14815.0;1964,90,5000.0;1964,89,7872.0;1964,87,4984.0;1964,82,8661.0;1964,81,9723.0;1964,9,23392.0;1964,141,8354.0;1964,5396,7972.0;1964,234,21730.0;1964,78,4180.0;1964,7,49201.0;1964,77,1139.0;1964,75,17271.0;1964,3897,10241.0;1964,74,4400.0;1964,73,35897.0;1964,70,14706.0;1964,68,11399.0;1964,64,7742.0;1964,13,39498.0;1964,63,5446.0;1964,270,27081.0;1964,221,5000.0;1964,238,10721.0;1964,84,12436.0;1964,61,24444.0;1964,34980,28643.0;1964,60,8354.0;1964,80,9547.0;1964,355,19937.0;1964,273,9796.0;1964,462,9780.0;1964,463,7687.0;1964,464,19773.0;1964,465,9597.0;1964,466,7243.0;1964,290,25828.0;1964,450,39629.0;1964,477,11066.0;1964,436,10541.0;1964,295,12947.0;1964,275,13197.0;1964,467,15240.0;1964,470,11197.0;1964,471,10041.0;1964,472,13794.0;1964,276,25923.0;1964,473,25371.0;1964,475,27346.0;1964,476,24835.0;1964,277,20743.0;1964,34981,20883.0;1964,478,13612.0;1964,34752,18678.0;1964,318,24655.0;1964,454,9725.0;1964,34987,11068.0;1964,5398,10288.0;1964,34988,10291.0;1964,34989,11051.0;1965,213,16444.0;1965,113,11578.0;1965,216,10000.0;1965,110,7674.0;1965,109,9286.0;1965,142,5963.0;1965,108,12222.0;1965,107,18980.0;1965,5,41667.0;1965,220,17143.0;1965,106,59990.0;1965,105,8767.0;1965,104,6113.0;1965,103,8262.0;1965,34984,11250.0;1965,101,9956.0;1965,100,8005.0;1965,99,12805.0;1965,98,13003.0;1965,97,16275.0;1965,96,6552.0;1965,11,20290.0;1965,95,9483.0;1965,93,13426.0;1965,127,8085.0;1965,245,39474.0;1965,92,17778.0;1965,91,19000.0;1965,229,12500.0;1965,230,40000.0;1965,232,14815.0;1965,90,5000.0;1965,89,7515.0;1965,87,6667.0;1965,82,8661.0;1965,81,10741.0;1965,9,23876.0;1965,141,8340.0;1965,5396,7189.0;1965,234,25442.0;1965,78,4410.0;1965,7,42241.0;1965,77,1025.0;1965,75,18186.0;1965,3897,10198.0;1965,74,4254.0;1965,73,37736.0;1965,70,14538.0;1965,68,9507.0;1965,64,7905.0;1965,13,46492.0;1965,63,3275.0;1965,270,25275.0;1965,221,5000.0;1965,238,11282.0;1965,84,11503.0;1965,61,24545.0;1965,34980,23165.0;1965,60,8750.0;1965,80,10960.0;1965,355,21237.0;1965,273,10272.0;1965,462,9523.0;1965,463,7939.0;1965,464,25444.0;1965,465,10512.0;1965,466,7651.0;1965,290,29233.0;1965,450,46540.0;1965,477,11317.0;1965,436,10567.0;1965,295,13963.0;1965,275,13220.0;1965,467,15423.0;1965,470,11035.0;1965,471,9322.0;1965,472,13584.0;1965,276,24042.0;1965,473,22759.0;1965,475,23215.0;1965,476,39557.0;1965,277,21889.0;1965,34981,22068.0;1965,478,12365.0;1965,34752,17857.0;1965,318,24022.0;1965,454,9434.0;1965,34987,10921.0;1965,5398,10040.0;1965,34988,10092.0;1965,34989,11045.0;1965,15,14400.0;1965,16,10509.0;1965,17,11000.0;1965,19,9375.0;1965,21,16785.0;1965,23,20336.0;1965,24,37315.0;1965,26,9091.0;1965,28,7532.0;1965,29,18667.0;1965,34978,51933.0;1965,31,6552.0;1965,32,5702.0;1965,33,13990.0;1965,34,12949.0;1965,36,2668.0;1965,37,13809.0;1965,39,22315.0;1965,40,7247.0;1965,41,10084.0;1965,18581,4857.0;1965,42,10183.0;1965,43,7586.0;1965,44,50061.0;1965,174,8000.0;1965,173,7778.0;1965,172,29665.0;1965,171,15115.0;1965,34845,15107.0;1965,34979,22068.0;1965,170,10022.0;1965,169,10714.0;1965,168,10000.0;1965,166,14955.0;1965,143,6950.0;1965,164,9255.0;1965,267,27873.0;1965,128,24579.0;1965,167,6796.0;1965,200,12500.0;1965,160,15000.0;1965,201,6234.0;1965,65,40703.0;1965,259,10514.0;1965,34982,9850.0;1965,202,22222.0;1965,3,39800.0;1965,253,79167.0;1965,153,15273.0;1965,151,4074.0;1965,6,35354.0;1965,150,12062.0;1965,149,17279.0;1965,206,8730.0;1965,252,20000.0;1965,254,26667.0;1965,148,9554.0;1965,147,8000.0;1965,94,8333.0;1965,146,10087.0;1965,145,10400.0;1965,139,11366.0;1965,138,29262.0;1965,137,10050.0;1965,136,9432.0;1965,135,10000.0;1965,134,14632.0;1965,133,39024.0;1965,8,32278.0;1965,132,11123.0;1965,14,25017.0;1965,130,14242.0;1965,129,10713.0;1965,125,15333.0;1965,124,18500.0;1965,123,7097.0;1965,120,13013.0;1965,118,9525.0;1965,117,8725.0;1965,116,11977.0;1965,211,10000.0;1965,115,8713.0;1965,114,5846.0;1966,15,14400.0;1966,16,15051.0;1966,17,8190.0;1966,19,7917.0;1966,20,25000.0;1966,21,21499.0;1966,23,15694.0;1966,24,49644.0;1966,26,9149.0;1966,28,8333.0;1966,29,20750.0;1966,34978,50694.0;1966,31,4873.0;1966,32,5517.0;1966,33,14015.0;1966,34,13219.0;1966,36,5647.0;1966,37,13066.0;1966,39,38431.0;1966,40,7333.0;1966,41,9986.0;1966,18581,4872.0;1966,42,15276.0;1966,43,7619.0;1966,44,51615.0;1966,174,8000.0;1966,173,8487.0;1966,172,35357.0;1966,171,17141.0;1966,34845,17135.0;1966,34979,21506.0;1966,170,10050.0;1966,169,11000.0;1966,168,6250.0;1966,166,12703.0;1966,143,7143.0;1966,164,9184.0;1966,267,32737.0;1966,128,27130.0;1966,167,6806.0;1966,200,12500.0;1966,160,17000.0;1966,201,6542.0;1966,65,35891.0;1966,259,12808.0;1966,34982,10000.0;1966,202,23529.0;1966,3,45037.0;1966,253,74000.0;1966,153,15091.0;1966,151,6667.0;1966,6,40115.0;1966,150,16026.0;1966,149,19760.0;1966,206,8710.0;1966,252,20000.0;1966,254,25000.0;1966,148,9026.0;1966,147,11587.0;1966,94,6667.0;1966,146,10093.0;1966,145,10387.0;1966,139,11966.0;1966,138,31581.0;1966,137,9645.0;1966,136,9840.0;1966,135,10500.0;1966,134,10793.0;1966,133,33613.0;1966,8,35532.0;1966,132,9864.0;1966,14,24253.0;1966,130,8955.0;1966,129,10792.0;1966,125,15385.0;1966,124,18601.0;1966,123,7786.0;1966,120,9968.0;1966,118,10532.0;1966,117,9314.0;1966,116,12672.0;1966,211,10000.0;1966,115,8911.0;1966,114,6154.0;1966,213,25249.0;1966,113,11188.0;1966,216,10000.0;1966,110,4301.0;1966,109,9565.0;1966,142,6165.0;1966,108,12222.0;1966,107,18312.0;1966,5,40000.0;1966,220,20000.0;1966,106,59283.0;1966,105,8911.0;1966,104,6340.0;1966,103,8515.0;1966,34984,11250.0;1966,101,10608.0;1966,100,7783.0;1966,99,13226.0;1966,98,10997.0;1966,97,16370.0;1966,96,6905.0;1966,11,23214.0;1966,95,12262.0;1966,93,11542.0;1966,127,9436.0;1966,245,41860.0;1966,92,24399.0;1966,91,10000.0;1966,229,15000.0;1966,230,35000.0;1966,232,14483.0;1966,90,5000.0;1966,89,7777.0;1966,87,9524.0;1966,82,8607.0;1966,81,12169.0;1966,9,23938.0;1966,141,7861.0;1966,5396,6458.0;1966,234,15146.0;1966,78,4025.0;1966,7,49376.0;1966,77,1359.0;1966,75,19016.0;1966,3897,10427.0;1966,74,5309.0;1966,73,40000.0;1966,70,15267.0;1966,68,8922.0;1966,64,8000.0;1966,13,45892.0;1966,63,7890.0;1966,270,26064.0;1966,221,4714.0;1966,238,11940.0;1966,84,9589.0;1966,61,24545.0;1966,34980,31914.0;1966,60,9390.0;1966,80,11370.0;1966,355,22078.0;1966,273,10729.0;1966,462,9703.0;1966,463,7459.0;1966,464,21887.0;1966,465,11834.0;1966,466,8380.0;1966,290,29125.0;1966,450,45972.0;1966,477,11021.0;1966,436,10600.0;1966,295,14732.0;1966,275,14279.0;1966,467,17439.0;1966,470,10693.0;1966,471,9735.0;1966,472,14233.0;1966,276,29092.0;1966,473,27182.0;1966,475,28941.0;1966,476,45148.0;1966,277,17332.0;1966,34981,17411.0;1966,478,13350.0;1966,34752,11905.0;1966,318,29595.0;1966,454,9528.0;1966,34987,10971.0;1966,5398,9969.0;1966,34988,10235.0;1966,34989,11085.0;1967,213,17052.0;1967,113,11304.0;1967,216,10000.0;1967,110,6701.0;1967,109,10000.0;1967,142,7185.0;1967,108,12222.0;1967,107,18097.0;1967,5,37915.0;1967,220,14167.0;1967,106,60412.0;1967,105,8888.0;1967,104,5756.0;1967,103,8169.0;1967,34984,11250.0;1967,101,13021.0;1967,100,7880.0;1967,99,13750.0;1967,98,13000.0;1967,97,16296.0;1967,96,7203.0;1967,11,24138.0;1967,95,14304.0;1967,93,11541.0;1967,127,6802.0;1967,245,36667.0;1967,92,21291.0;1967,91,10000.0;1967,229,15000.0;1967,230,33600.0;1967,232,14333.0;1967,90,5000.0;1967,89,7926.0;1967,87,9524.0;1967,82,8333.0;1967,81,21360.0;1967,9,25010.0;1967,141,11726.0;1967,5396,5109.0;1967,234,14337.0;1967,78,6731.0;1967,7,57158.0;1967,77,1609.0;1967,75,20343.0;1967,3897,10205.0;1967,74,4945.0;1967,73,41667.0;1967,70,15556.0;1967,68,8364.0;1967,64,7500.0;1967,13,50265.0;1967,63,5170.0;1967,270,26293.0;1967,221,4667.0;1967,238,10281.0;1967,84,11000.0;1967,61,23636.0;1967,34980,28701.0;1967,60,9277.0;1967,80,17743.0;1967,355,24236.0;1967,273,13685.0;1967,462,11411.0;1967,463,7367.0;1967,464,21200.0;1967,465,20565.0;1967,466,7818.0;1967,290,32078.0;1967,450,50305.0;1967,477,11029.0;1967,436,10772.0;1967,295,15822.0;1967,275,15737.0;1967,467,19524.0;1967,470,12008.0;1967,471,9754.0;1967,472,14530.0;1967,276,27650.0;1967,473,25369.0;1967,475,28479.0;1967,476,41792.0;1967,277,24430.0;1967,34981,24689.0;1967,478,14777.0;1967,34752,12500.0;1967,318,28033.0;1967,454,9895.0;1967,34987,12900.0;1967,5398,10145.0;1967,34988,11232.0;1967,34989,11413.0;1967,15,14144.0;1967,16,17241.0;1967,17,10948.0;1967,19,7600.0;1967,20,22500.0;1967,21,24663.0;1967,23,23347.0;1967,24,52490.0;1967,26,9375.0;1967,28,9375.0;1967,29,23256.0;1967,34978,52875.0;1967,31,11140.0;1967,32,6049.0;1967,33,14005.0;1967,34,13224.0;1967,36,1121.0;1967,37,13828.0;1967,39,34737.0;1967,40,5500.0;1967,41,10368.0;1967,18581,4889.0;1967,42,12812.0;1967,43,7506.0;1967,44,53110.0;1967,174,8000.0;1967,173,10000.0;1967,172,39284.0;1967,171,19358.0;1967,34845,19344.0;1967,34979,29964.0;1967,170,10759.0;1967,169,10938.0;1967,168,6250.0;1967,166,12962.0;1967,143,7746.0;1967,164,9362.0;1967,267,30442.0;1967,128,25278.0;1967,167,6833.0;1967,200,12800.0;1967,160,15419.0;1967,201,6255.0;1967,65,34506.0;1967,259,10885.0;1967,34982,10078.0;1967,202,24672.0;1967,3,40880.0;1967,253,73333.0;1967,153,15091.0;1967,151,11500.0;1967,6,46993.0;1967,150,11640.0;1967,149,23447.0;1967,206,8710.0;1967,252,20000.0;1967,254,25000.0;1967,148,8710.0;1967,147,11587.0;1967,94,7000.0;1967,146,11235.0;1967,145,10696.0;1967,139,11971.0;1967,138,28480.0;1967,137,11228.0;1967,136,9302.0;1967,135,12000.0;1967,134,11168.0;1967,133,36536.0;1967,8,37961.0;1967,132,11727.0;1967,14,28458.0;1967,130,12156.0;1967,129,12000.0;1967,125,15714.0;1967,124,17570.0;1967,123,7432.0;1967,120,7133.0;1967,118,10667.0;1967,117,14699.0;1967,116,19263.0;1967,211,10000.0;1967,115,9067.0;1967,114,8769.0;1968,15,17064.0;1968,16,18782.0;1968,17,11443.0;1968,19,7827.0;1968,20,25000.0;1968,21,19421.0;1968,23,22338.0;1968,24,54118.0;1968,26,9400.0;1968,28,9375.0;1968,29,23754.0;1968,34978,49757.0;1968,31,10600.0;1968,32,5927.0;1968,33,14000.0;1968,34,13224.0;1968,36,2553.0;1968,37,13369.0;1968,39,31736.0;1968,40,6000.0;1968,41,10714.0;1968,18581,4400.0;1968,42,13616.0;1968,43,8161.0;1968,44,53209.0;1968,174,10000.0;1968,173,20000.0;1968,172,36233.0;1968,171,18175.0;1968,34845,18169.0;1968,34979,22740.0;1968,170,10831.0;1968,169,10938.0;1968,168,9375.0;1968,166,14224.0;1968,143,6867.0;1968,164,9375.0;1968,267,33771.0;1968,128,24000.0;1968,167,6800.0;1968,200,12800.0;1968,160,14453.0;1968,201,6812.0;1968,65,35115.0;1968,259,12894.0;1968,34982,10297.0;1968,202,24671.0;1968,3,52643.0;1968,253,85000.0;1968,153,14909.0;1968,151,11500.0;1968,6,48943.0;1968,150,11089.0;1968,149,23243.0;1968,206,8710.0;1968,252,19763.0;1968,254,28000.0;1968,148,9980.0;1968,147,11538.0;1968,94,7500.0;1968,146,15236.0;1968,145,9778.0;1968,139,11975.0;1968,138,29899.0;1968,137,9974.0;1968,136,9832.0;1968,135,14000.0;1968,134,11550.0;1968,133,41118.0;1968,8,41261.0;1968,132,8693.0;1968,14,28556.0;1968,130,5920.0;1968,129,12536.0;1968,125,17857.0;1968,124,12317.0;1968,123,6822.0;1968,120,7967.0;1968,118,10263.0;1968,117,10197.0;1968,116,16241.0;1968,211,10000.0;1968,115,8414.0;1968,114,5970.0;1968,213,21609.0;1968,113,11806.0;1968,216,10000.0;1968,110,7600.0;1968,109,10000.0;1968,142,7531.0;1968,108,12105.0;1968,107,18142.0;1968,5,37037.0;1968,220,16364.0;1968,106,61114.0;1968,105,8936.0;1968,104,4963.0;1968,103,10283.0;1968,34984,11250.0;1968,101,10155.0;1968,100,8349.0;1968,99,13725.0;1968,98,10000.0;1968,97,16900.0;1968,96,7681.0;1968,11,24528.0;1968,95,13033.0;1968,93,11545.0;1968,127,14245.0;1968,245,33333.0;1968,92,21248.0;1968,91,10000.0;1968,229,9615.0;1968,230,34400.0;1968,232,14667.0;1968,90,5000.0;1968,89,6961.0;1968,87,9565.0;1968,82,8148.0;1968,81,11332.0;1968,9,28168.0;1968,141,7239.0;1968,5396,5592.0;1968,234,20627.0;1968,78,5324.0;1968,7,55052.0;1968,77,1399.0;1968,75,21955.0;1968,3897,10525.0;1968,74,5779.0;1968,73,44444.0;1968,70,15267.0;1968,68,12432.0;1968,64,5434.0;1968,13,49891.0;1968,63,4280.0;1968,270,26352.0;1968,221,4750.0;1968,238,10550.0;1968,84,10962.0;1968,61,23636.0;1968,34980,27695.0;1968,60,8235.0;1968,80,13236.0;1968,355,22894.0;1968,273,10753.0;1968,462,10117.0;1968,463,7668.0;1968,464,22704.0;1968,465,11027.0;1968,466,8524.0;1968,290,30796.0;1968,450,49947.0;1968,477,11600.0;1968,436,10116.0;1968,295,14390.0;1968,275,14843.0;1968,467,18369.0;1968,470,10933.0;1968,471,10318.0;1968,472,14195.0;1968,276,28635.0;1968,473,25364.0;1968,475,28756.0;1968,476,52555.0;1968,277,24707.0;1968,34981,24956.0;1968,478,17460.0;1968,34752,13111.0;1968,318,29858.0;1968,454,9399.0;1968,34987,11422.0;1968,5398,9851.0;1968,34988,10466.0;1968,34989,11137.0;1969,213,18857.0;1969,113,11840.0;1969,216,10000.0;1969,110,9348.0;1969,109,9535.0;1969,142,6907.0;1969,108,12105.0;1969,107,18362.0;1969,5,40000.0;1969,220,18000.0;1969,106,71670.0;1969,105,9108.0;1969,104,5423.0;1969,103,9154.0;1969,34984,11250.0;1969,101,10309.0;1969,100,8537.0;1969,99,9718.0;1969,98,12000.0;1969,97,16007.0;1969,96,8300.0;1969,11,23404.0;1969,95,13366.0;1969,93,11557.0;1969,127,14114.0;1969,245,35200.0;1969,92,23309.0;1969,91,10000.0;1969,229,8929.0;1969,230,31852.0;1969,232,15082.0;1969,90,5000.0;1969,89,8814.0;1969,87,9691.0;1969,82,8248.0;1969,81,12259.0;1969,9,30487.0;1969,141,8245.0;1969,5396,7157.0;1969,234,17920.0;1969,78,5876.0;1969,7,56969.0;1969,77,1562.0;1969,75,25191.0;1969,3897,11219.0;1969,74,8712.0;1969,73,44847.0;1969,70,15175.0;1969,68,12743.0;1969,64,6292.0;1969,13,53908.0;1969,63,7370.0;1969,270,28687.0;1969,221,5000.0;1969,238,10456.0;1969,84,11198.0;1969,61,24425.0;1969,34980,32628.0;1969,60,8046.0;1969,80,17639.0;1969,355,24206.0;1969,273,11412.0;1969,462,10846.0;1969,463,8286.0;1969,464,24852.0;1969,465,11875.0;1969,466,8568.0;1969,290,32541.0;1969,450,53788.0;1969,477,11675.0;1969,436,10634.0;1969,295,14304.0;1969,275,14837.0;1969,467,18143.0;1969,470,10729.0;1969,471,10875.0;1969,472,14118.0;1969,276,31968.0;1969,473,28997.0;1969,475,32798.0;1969,476,49360.0;1969,277,26834.0;1969,34981,27175.0;1969,478,15518.0;1969,34752,15200.0;1969,318,33390.0;1969,454,9694.0;1969,34987,12390.0;1969,5398,10436.0;1969,34988,10854.0;1969,34989,11506.0;1969,15,17177.0;1969,16,19485.0;1969,17,9985.0;1969,19,9000.0;1969,20,22500.0;1969,21,19291.0;1969,23,22401.0;1969,24,59578.0;1969,26,9800.0;1969,28,9375.0;1969,29,24027.0;1969,34978,51780.0;1969,31,10858.0;1969,32,5699.0;1969,33,13991.0;1969,34,13232.0;1969,36,2745.0;1969,37,13149.0;1969,39,41809.0;1969,40,6000.0;1969,41,11161.0;1969,18581,4375.0;1969,42,11507.0;1969,43,9302.0;1969,44,47131.0;1969,174,7730.0;1969,173,19231.0;1969,172,26316.0;1969,171,17769.0;1969,34845,17763.0;1969,34979,23519.0;1969,170,12034.0;1969,169,10606.0;1969,168,5714.0;1969,166,13657.0;1969,143,7808.0;1969,164,9111.0;1969,267,39872.0;1969,128,28929.0;1969,167,6825.0;1969,200,12308.0;1969,160,15357.0;1969,201,7248.0;1969,65,37827.0;1969,259,14372.0;1969,34982,10510.0;1969,202,25000.0;1969,3,48346.0;1969,253,66667.0;1969,153,14909.0;1969,151,10800.0;1969,6,48750.0;1969,150,11047.0;1969,149,27653.0;1969,206,8833.0;1969,252,15000.0;1969,254,31000.0;1969,148,10365.0;1969,147,11525.0;1969,94,6667.0;1969,146,16822.0;1969,145,10522.0;1969,139,11979.0;1969,138,37877.0;1969,137,9679.0;1969,136,9417.0;1969,135,14000.0;1969,134,11963.0;1969,133,37569.0;1969,8,45235.0;1969,132,11963.0;1969,14,27192.0;1969,130,3009.0;1969,129,12741.0;1969,125,18571.0;1969,124,9040.0;1969,123,7174.0;1969,120,14634.0;1969,118,10322.0;1969,117,9904.0;1969,116,18240.0;1969,211,10000.0;1969,115,7563.0;1969,114,5970.0;1970,15,14757.0;1970,16,20718.0;1970,17,10235.0;1970,19,9120.0;1970,20,24000.0;1970,21,23299.0;1970,23,24069.0;1970,24,49349.0;1970,26,9808.0;1970,28,9375.0;1970,29,24242.0;1970,34978,52436.0;1970,31,15692.0;1970,32,6089.0;1970,33,14013.0;1970,34,12922.0;1970,36,693.0;1970,37,14421.0;1970,39,37387.0;1970,40,6447.0;1970,41,11607.0;1970,18581,3080.0;1970,42,15893.0;1970,43,8957.0;1970,44,52748.0;1970,174,6729.0;1970,173,17143.0;1970,172,32366.0;1970,171,20891.0;1970,34845,20885.0;1970,34979,25518.0;1970,170,13257.0;1970,169,10606.0;1970,168,5714.0;1970,166,11389.0;1970,143,7046.0;1970,164,8095.0;1970,267,40917.0;1970,128,28246.0;1970,167,7194.0;1970,200,12308.0;1970,160,17308.0;1970,201,8779.0;1970,65,37839.0;1970,259,17630.0;1970,34982,10731.0;1970,202,12540.0;1970,3,50994.0;1970,253,13636.0;1970,153,14545.0;1970,151,10333.0;1970,6,49743.0;1970,150,10643.0;1970,149,30165.0;1970,206,8833.0;1970,252,17778.0;1970,254,23000.0;1970,148,11873.0;1970,147,11525.0;1970,94,6667.0;1970,146,14577.0;1970,145,10435.0;1970,139,11984.0;1970,138,33762.0;1970,137,12791.0;1970,136,9614.0;1970,135,14000.0;1970,134,12296.0;1970,133,54762.0;1970,8,46344.0;1970,132,13508.0;1970,14,27647.0;1970,130,2941.0;1970,129,12250.0;1970,125,16667.0;1970,124,10154.0;1970,123,5146.0;1970,120,10430.0;1970,118,10237.0;1970,117,9000.0;1970,116,21245.0;1970,211,10000.0;1970,115,10832.0;1970,114,5758.0;1970,213,20827.0;1970,113,11935.0;1970,216,10000.0;1970,110,6267.0;1970,109,11310.0;1970,142,7068.0;1970,108,12105.0;1970,107,18695.0;1970,5,41068.0;1970,220,24444.0;1970,106,72474.0;1970,105,9134.0;1970,104,5843.0;1970,103,9959.0;1970,34984,11250.0;1970,101,11208.0;1970,100,8687.0;1970,99,9032.0;1970,98,13174.0;1970,97,16085.0;1970,96,8287.0;1970,11,23529.0;1970,95,14361.0;1970,93,8724.0;1970,127,13514.0;1970,245,32000.0;1970,92,21191.0;1970,91,12000.0;1970,229,8400.0;1970,230,31852.0;1970,232,15161.0;1970,90,5000.0;1970,89,7651.0;1970,87,10116.0;1970,82,9143.0;1970,81,13986.0;1970,9,34278.0;1970,141,7560.0;1970,5396,8063.0;1970,234,14884.0;1970,78,6203.0;1970,7,58665.0;1970,77,1407.0;1970,75,25877.0;1970,3897,10522.0;1970,74,12133.0;1970,73,44873.0;1970,70,16099.0;1970,68,12933.0;1970,1,40000.0;1970,64,4808.0;1970,13,45439.0;1970,63,8342.0;1970,270,28118.0;1970,221,5294.0;1970,238,12071.0;1970,84,11010.0;1970,61,21667.0;1970,34980,29474.0;1970,60,6333.0;1970,80,12022.0;1970,355,23509.0;1970,273,11382.0;1970,462,9587.0;1970,463,8322.0;1970,464,22994.0;1970,465,13482.0;1970,466,9257.0;1970,290,29503.0;1970,450,45593.0;1970,477,11959.0;1970,436,10346.0;1970,295,16356.0;1970,275,16969.0;1970,467,21130.0;1970,470,13122.0;1970,471,11122.0;1970,472,14902.0;1970,276,31540.0;1970,473,27276.0;1970,474,40000.0;1970,475,32159.0;1970,476,50836.0;1970,277,28150.0;1970,34981,28534.0;1970,478,11874.0;1970,34752,13600.0;1970,318,33369.0;1970,454,9382.0;1970,34987,10876.0;1970,5398,10439.0;1970,34988,11493.0;1970,34989,11357.0;1971,213,19843.0;1971,113,12723.0;1971,216,10000.0;1971,110,8607.0;1971,109,9394.0;1971,142,7439.0;1971,108,12105.0;1971,107,17298.0;1971,5,48802.0;1971,220,25000.0;1971,106,84442.0;1971,105,9131.0;1971,104,6713.0;1971,103,10460.0;1971,34984,11250.0;1971,101,11139.0;1971,100,8570.0;1971,99,8197.0;1971,98,12125.0;1971,97,16487.0;1971,96,8248.0;1971,11,26531.0;1971,95,13821.0;1971,93,9692.0;1971,127,16090.0;1971,245,39286.0;1971,92,25070.0;1971,91,10348.0;1971,229,7143.0;1971,230,32593.0;1971,232,15484.0;1971,90,5176.0;1971,89,7884.0;1971,87,9714.0;1971,82,9712.0;1971,81,18023.0;1971,9,37834.0;1971,141,7124.0;1971,5396,9007.0;1971,234,25317.0;1971,78,15734.0;1971,7,66105.0;1971,77,1530.0;1971,75,24211.0;1971,3897,10582.0;1971,74,12133.0;1971,73,39220.0;1971,70,17959.0;1971,68,15036.0;1971,1,50000.0;1971,64,7300.0;1971,13,55270.0;1971,63,9213.0;1971,270,25801.0;1971,221,5000.0;1971,238,12140.0;1971,84,10038.0;1971,61,20909.0;1971,34980,30727.0;1971,60,9212.0;1971,80,19011.0;1971,355,26534.0;1971,273,13477.0;1971,462,11695.0;1971,463,7971.0;1971,464,24665.0;1971,465,17579.0;1971,466,9449.0;1971,290,34796.0;1971,450,55191.0;1971,477,12596.0;1971,436,10814.0;1971,295,15870.0;1971,275,16808.0;1971,467,21683.0;1971,470,10024.0;1971,471,11429.0;1971,472,16617.0;1971,276,33123.0;1971,473,28206.0;1971,474,50000.0;1971,475,33497.0;1971,476,54233.0;1971,277,31707.0;1971,34981,32082.0;1971,478,11203.0;1971,34752,14000.0;1971,318,36471.0;1971,454,10075.0;1971,34987,13167.0;1971,5398,10866.0;1971,34988,11000.0;1971,34989,11938.0;1971,15,13400.0;1971,16,19443.0;1971,17,8135.0;1971,19,7776.0;1971,20,22857.0;1971,21,24422.0;1971,23,24756.0;1971,24,57700.0;1971,26,9907.0;1971,28,7143.0;1971,29,23333.0;1971,34978,57577.0;1971,31,15493.0;1971,32,5010.0;1971,33,14004.0;1971,34,13037.0;1971,36,6667.0;1971,37,13393.0;1971,39,38454.0;1971,40,7394.0;1971,41,11863.0;1971,18581,3033.0;1971,42,12919.0;1971,43,9082.0;1971,44,51625.0;1971,174,6888.0;1971,173,22414.0;1971,172,33545.0;1971,171,21461.0;1971,34845,21456.0;1971,34979,25507.0;1971,170,12281.0;1971,169,10606.0;1971,168,6667.0;1971,166,13528.0;1971,143,8321.0;1971,164,8462.0;1971,267,39845.0;1971,128,28305.0;1971,167,7169.0;1971,200,12593.0;1971,160,18846.0;1971,201,7092.0;1971,65,36565.0;1971,259,17944.0;1971,34982,10873.0;1971,202,12531.0;1971,3,54151.0;1971,253,40000.0;1971,153,14545.0;1971,151,11250.0;1971,6,50396.0;1971,150,10758.0;1971,149,34052.0;1971,206,8772.0;1971,252,20000.0;1971,254,25000.0;1971,148,11339.0;1971,147,11525.0;1971,94,5500.0;1971,146,17546.0;1971,145,10769.0;1971,139,11988.0;1971,138,35387.0;1971,137,8999.0;1971,136,9923.0;1971,135,14000.0;1971,134,17688.0;1971,133,50667.0;1971,8,48484.0;1971,132,12641.0;1971,14,25000.0;1971,130,29507.0;1971,129,12174.0;1971,125,16250.0;1971,124,8234.0;1971,123,5481.0;1971,120,12014.0;1971,118,9528.0;1971,117,11802.0;1971,116,18909.0;1971,211,10000.0;1971,115,8524.0;1971,114,5672.0;1972,15,15652.0;1972,16,19667.0;1972,17,8528.0;1972,19,7547.0;1972,20,23000.0;1972,21,18620.0;1972,23,27359.0;1972,24,54800.0;1972,26,9910.0;1972,28,7143.0;1972,29,27276.0;1972,34978,41055.0;1972,31,13216.0;1972,32,5476.0;1972,33,13996.0;1972,34,12517.0;1972,36,10842.0;1972,37,14130.0;1972,39,43176.0;1972,40,7249.0;1972,41,10676.0;1972,18581,1917.0;1972,42,14164.0;1972,43,9096.0;1972,44,47082.0;1972,174,6343.0;1972,173,21429.0;1972,172,33498.0;1972,171,19250.0;1972,34845,19238.0;1972,34979,27395.0;1972,170,12910.0;1972,169,10588.0;1972,168,6667.0;1972,166,13727.0;1972,143,6716.0;1972,164,7085.0;1972,267,44441.0;1972,128,26148.0;1972,167,7315.0;1972,200,12593.0;1972,160,19231.0;1972,201,7326.0;1972,65,37472.0;1972,259,11553.0;1972,34982,11002.0;1972,202,16570.0;1972,3,43531.0;1972,253,20000.0;1972,153,14634.0;1972,151,11778.0;1972,6,46595.0;1972,150,10358.0;1972,149,35394.0;1972,206,8654.0;1972,252,21000.0;1972,254,30000.0;1972,148,11906.0;1972,147,11552.0;1972,94,5714.0;1972,146,19039.0;1972,145,11174.0;1972,139,11993.0;1972,138,39768.0;1972,137,10943.0;1972,136,10437.0;1972,135,14286.0;1972,134,14162.0;1972,133,49760.0;1972,8,53204.0;1972,132,10934.0;1972,14,28750.0;1972,130,13659.0;1972,129,12538.0;1972,208,30000.0;1972,125,17667.0;1972,124,10304.0;1972,123,5364.0;1972,120,12444.0;1972,118,9831.0;1972,117,11909.0;1972,116,21796.0;1972,211,10000.0;1972,115,6769.0;1972,114,5385.0;1972,213,18800.0;1972,113,12648.0;1972,216,10000.0;1972,110,7644.0;1972,109,10238.0;1972,142,7023.0;1972,108,12000.0;1972,107,18450.0;1972,5,33333.0;1972,220,25000.0;1972,106,78499.0;1972,105,6196.0;1972,104,6319.0;1972,103,5731.0;1972,34984,11250.0;1972,101,10945.0;1972,100,6750.0;1972,99,8824.0;1972,98,11350.0;1972,97,16408.0;1972,96,7840.0;1972,11,28571.0;1972,95,13735.0;1972,93,9308.0;1972,127,18108.0;1972,245,41071.0;1972,92,30711.0;1972,91,10000.0;1972,229,7500.0;1972,230,31690.0;1972,232,15385.0;1972,90,4161.0;1972,89,6250.0;1972,87,9714.0;1972,82,9792.0;1972,81,19173.0;1972,9,36024.0;1972,141,7518.0;1972,5396,9698.0;1972,234,25000.0;1972,78,17405.0;1972,7,36474.0;1972,77,2709.0;1972,75,14140.0;1972,3897,10271.0;1972,74,11115.0;1972,73,39232.0;1972,70,17138.0;1972,68,12048.0;1972,1,40000.0;1972,64,6210.0;1972,13,60897.0;1972,63,7801.0;1972,270,24501.0;1972,221,5263.0;1972,238,10887.0;1972,84,11113.0;1972,61,12929.0;1972,34980,33280.0;1972,60,11433.0;1972,80,23110.0;1972,355,26867.0;1972,273,13791.0;1972,462,12406.0;1972,463,7922.0;1972,464,24505.0;1972,465,18813.0;1972,466,6964.0;1972,290,36480.0;1972,450,60585.0;1972,477,12353.0;1972,436,10503.0;1972,295,14747.0;1972,275,15794.0;1972,467,19495.0;1972,470,11696.0;1972,471,10030.0;1972,472,15862.0;1972,276,33780.0;1972,473,30531.0;1972,474,40000.0;1972,475,35485.0;1972,476,44310.0;1972,277,35055.0;1972,34981,35501.0;1972,478,12089.0;1972,34752,15000.0;1972,318,37856.0;1972,454,10323.0;1972,34987,14476.0;1972,5398,10520.0;1972,34988,11447.0;1972,34989,11928.0;1973,213,20654.0;1973,113,11318.0;1973,216,10000.0;1973,110,4868.0;1973,109,8088.0;1973,142,7687.0;1973,108,12500.0;1973,107,17948.0;1973,5,36667.0;1973,220,26316.0;1973,106,91388.0;1973,105,9310.0;1973,104,4947.0;1973,103,6485.0;1973,34984,11250.0;1973,101,12135.0;1973,100,8106.0;1973,99,4286.0;1973,98,13254.0;1973,97,16348.0;1973,96,8280.0;1973,11,37143.0;1973,95,14193.0;1973,93,9229.0;1973,127,14929.0;1973,245,39844.0;1973,92,25018.0;1973,91,9907.0;1973,229,6327.0;1973,230,31429.0;1973,232,15294.0;1973,90,6928.0;1973,89,8610.0;1973,87,9905.0;1973,82,9759.0;1973,81,10571.0;1973,9,38988.0;1973,141,7084.0;1973,5396,6623.0;1973,234,16846.0;1973,78,11320.0;1973,7,68897.0;1973,77,2789.0;1973,75,22276.0;1973,3897,10425.0;1973,74,11179.0;1973,73,39209.0;1973,70,17828.0;1973,68,13344.0;1973,1,40000.0;1973,64,8870.0;1973,13,57278.0;1973,63,10123.0;1973,270,30693.0;1973,221,5000.0;1973,238,10353.0;1973,84,12521.0;1973,61,15789.0;1973,34980,34713.0;1973,60,8915.0;1973,80,12088.0;1973,355,27217.0;1973,273,10654.0;1973,462,10679.0;1973,463,7621.0;1973,464,23012.0;1973,465,10400.0;1973,466,7577.0;1973,290,36327.0;1973,450,57187.0;1973,477,11749.0;1973,436,9518.0;1973,295,17013.0;1973,275,17680.0;1973,467,23513.0;1973,470,10782.0;1973,471,11508.0;1973,472,16680.0;1973,276,36816.0;1973,473,31354.0;1973,474,40000.0;1973,475,37441.0;1973,476,56812.0;1973,277,35036.0;1973,34981,35540.0;1973,478,16182.0;1973,34752,15000.0;1973,318,39628.0;1973,454,10034.0;1973,34987,11848.0;1973,5398,9730.0;1973,34988,10660.0;1973,34989,11803.0;1973,15,16170.0;1973,16,20000.0;1973,17,11795.0;1973,19,7288.0;1973,20,20000.0;1973,21,27206.0;1973,23,23423.0;1973,24,65700.0;1973,26,10000.0;1973,28,8744.0;1973,29,26316.0;1973,34978,64003.0;1973,31,16402.0;1973,32,7212.0;1973,33,13987.0;1973,34,12818.0;1973,36,4460.0;1973,37,14295.0;1973,39,41146.0;1973,40,6578.0;1973,41,11507.0;1973,18581,2380.0;1973,42,11613.0;1973,43,8615.0;1973,44,52881.0;1973,174,5700.0;1973,173,18966.0;1973,172,34034.0;1973,171,23344.0;1973,34845,23336.0;1973,34979,27573.0;1973,170,12737.0;1973,169,10571.0;1973,168,5385.0;1973,166,10822.0;1973,143,6686.0;1973,164,8266.0;1973,267,40267.0;1973,128,28413.0;1973,167,7241.0;1973,200,12857.0;1973,160,18640.0;1973,201,9284.0;1973,65,36053.0;1973,259,20166.0;1973,34982,10200.0;1973,202,36855.0;1973,3,56217.0;1973,253,20000.0;1973,153,14894.0;1973,151,12143.0;1973,6,53353.0;1973,150,10525.0;1973,149,37824.0;1973,206,8556.0;1973,252,21000.0;1973,254,30000.0;1973,148,16363.0;1973,147,11500.0;1973,94,7500.0;1973,146,18064.0;1973,145,8870.0;1973,139,11935.0;1973,138,40462.0;1973,137,9648.0;1973,136,10748.0;1973,135,20667.0;1973,134,19108.0;1973,133,60606.0;1973,8,56101.0;1973,132,11342.0;1973,14,28333.0;1973,130,8141.0;1973,129,12897.0;1973,208,43333.0;1973,125,17632.0;1973,124,7262.0;1973,123,6087.0;1973,120,14950.0;1973,118,10187.0;1973,117,11146.0;1973,116,24001.0;1973,211,10000.0;1973,115,8400.0;1973,114,2500.0;1974,15,16170.0;1974,16,21981.0;1974,17,13506.0;1974,19,6667.0;1974,20,20556.0;1974,21,28399.0;1974,23,23199.0;1974,24,57601.0;1974,26,10000.0;1974,28,8878.0;1974,29,26144.0;1974,34978,51462.0;1974,31,11208.0;1974,32,7569.0;1974,33,14008.0;1974,34,12605.0;1974,36,4843.0;1974,37,15248.0;1974,39,31078.0;1974,40,5626.0;1974,41,9875.0;1974,18581,3143.0;1974,42,11667.0;1974,43,9091.0;1974,44,44339.0;1974,174,3886.0;1974,173,20536.0;1974,172,34109.0;1974,171,24683.0;1974,34845,24677.0;1974,34979,27582.0;1974,170,13884.0;1974,169,10556.0;1974,168,6054.0;1974,166,14735.0;1974,143,6417.0;1974,164,10484.0;1974,267,40104.0;1974,128,29462.0;1974,167,7272.0;1974,200,12857.0;1974,160,16828.0;1974,201,9417.0;1974,65,35792.0;1974,259,16681.0;1974,34982,10000.0;1974,202,17811.0;1974,3,45587.0;1974,253,20000.0;1974,153,14958.0;1974,151,10667.0;1974,6,48195.0;1974,150,11431.0;1974,149,35038.0;1974,206,7690.0;1974,252,19000.0;1974,254,30000.0;1974,148,14231.0;1974,147,11672.0;1974,94,7000.0;1974,146,22422.0;1974,145,10200.0;1974,139,12001.0;1974,138,42385.0;1974,137,9481.0;1974,136,11290.0;1974,135,31250.0;1974,134,20913.0;1974,133,70000.0;1974,8,55946.0;1974,132,15460.0;1974,14,24906.0;1974,130,15405.0;1974,129,13448.0;1974,208,30000.0;1974,125,17107.0;1974,124,8539.0;1974,123,9448.0;1974,120,16431.0;1974,118,10460.0;1974,117,11532.0;1974,116,24741.0;1974,211,10000.0;1974,115,9667.0;1974,114,3333.0;1974,213,24692.0;1974,113,11683.0;1974,216,10000.0;1974,110,8697.0;1974,109,6618.0;1974,142,8205.0;1974,108,12381.0;1974,107,18048.0;1974,5,50000.0;1974,220,27941.0;1974,106,70553.0;1974,105,7756.0;1974,104,6126.0;1974,103,9119.0;1974,34984,11250.0;1974,101,12171.0;1974,100,7863.0;1974,99,14545.0;1974,98,13663.0;1974,97,16635.0;1974,96,8352.0;1974,11,40426.0;1974,95,14100.0;1974,93,9458.0;1974,127,17347.0;1974,245,44155.0;1974,92,25108.0;1974,91,10181.0;1974,229,7000.0;1974,230,31429.0;1974,232,15143.0;1974,90,6696.0;1974,89,8904.0;1974,87,9727.0;1974,82,9758.0;1974,81,22994.0;1974,9,39810.0;1974,141,6697.0;1974,5396,5449.0;1974,234,16083.0;1974,78,15476.0;1974,7,57978.0;1974,77,3475.0;1974,75,23321.0;1974,3897,10714.0;1974,74,11774.0;1974,73,39228.0;1974,70,19355.0;1974,68,11082.0;1974,1,30000.0;1974,64,6918.0;1974,13,45119.0;1974,63,11693.0;1974,270,30604.0;1974,221,5000.0;1974,238,11976.0;1974,84,12600.0;1974,61,17147.0;1974,34980,35596.0;1974,60,10272.0;1974,80,20311.0;1974,355,25565.0;1974,273,14605.0;1974,462,11542.0;1974,463,7442.0;1974,464,24225.0;1974,465,22247.0;1974,466,8854.0;1974,290,31015.0;1974,450,45102.0;1974,477,11852.0;1974,436,11107.0;1974,295,17841.0;1974,275,18759.0;1974,467,24840.0;1974,470,10710.0;1974,471,11899.0;1974,472,18075.0;1974,276,35105.0;1974,473,30906.0;1974,474,30000.0;1974,475,38083.0;1974,476,46672.0;1974,277,32793.0;1974,34981,33396.0;1974,478,11965.0;1974,34752,15000.0;1974,318,36972.0;1974,454,9770.0;1974,34987,13417.0;1974,5398,10958.0;1974,34988,11200.0;1974,34989,11835.0;1975,213,22962.0;1975,113,12621.0;1975,216,10000.0;1975,110,7539.0;1975,109,4167.0;1975,142,7973.0;1975,108,12273.0;1975,107,16525.0;1975,5,53846.0;1975,220,30000.0;1975,106,76661.0;1975,105,9200.0;1975,104,4625.0;1975,103,13718.0;1975,34984,11250.0;1975,101,12944.0;1975,100,8774.0;1975,99,11509.0;1975,98,13511.0;1975,97,17506.0;1975,96,8510.0;1975,11,53323.0;1975,95,12903.0;1975,93,9458.0;1975,127,17153.0;1975,245,42626.0;1975,92,27962.0;1975,91,10751.0;1975,229,7000.0;1975,230,32143.0;1975,232,15278.0;1975,90,7136.0;1975,89,8665.0;1975,87,9818.0;1975,82,9792.0;1975,81,19071.0;1975,9,36989.0;1975,141,6827.0;1975,5396,6012.0;1975,234,18493.0;1975,78,14254.0;1975,7,65395.0;1975,77,4836.0;1975,75,23752.0;1975,3897,11111.0;1975,74,12337.0;1975,73,39214.0;1975,70,20084.0;1975,68,11990.0;1975,1,30000.0;1975,64,12427.0;1975,13,54213.0;1975,63,10278.0;1975,270,27632.0;1975,221,5000.0;1975,238,12909.0;1975,84,10505.0;1975,61,18474.0;1975,34980,39737.0;1975,60,14541.0;1975,80,17575.0;1975,355,28132.0;1975,273,14206.0;1975,462,12521.0;1975,463,8637.0;1975,464,23803.0;1975,465,18615.0;1975,466,9962.0;1975,290,36017.0;1975,450,54285.0;1975,477,12863.0;1975,436,10880.0;1975,295,16778.0;1975,275,19825.0;1975,467,25562.0;1975,470,12647.0;1975,471,12281.0;1975,472,18947.0;1975,276,37224.0;1975,473,33492.0;1975,474,30000.0;1975,475,40574.0;1975,476,44399.0;1975,277,39741.0;1975,34981,40429.0;1975,478,10716.0;1975,34752,15000.0;1975,318,39032.0;1975,454,10684.0;1975,34987,13455.0;1975,5398,10738.0;1975,34988,12344.0;1975,34989,12554.0;1975,15,16116.0;1975,16,27000.0;1975,17,18059.0;1975,19,7500.0;1975,20,18750.0;1975,21,25081.0;1975,23,25936.0;1975,24,68200.0;1975,26,10099.0;1975,28,9025.0;1975,29,26144.0;1975,34978,59168.0;1975,31,10408.0;1975,32,7087.0;1975,33,14000.0;1975,34,13246.0;1975,36,7175.0;1975,37,15048.0;1975,39,43286.0;1975,40,5873.0;1975,41,11428.0;1975,18581,4444.0;1975,42,11818.0;1975,43,12302.0;1975,44,57405.0;1975,174,4204.0;1975,173,15152.0;1975,172,35935.0;1975,171,25422.0;1975,34845,25416.0;1975,34979,27733.0;1975,170,12617.0;1975,169,10526.0;1975,168,6000.0;1975,166,13149.0;1975,143,5217.0;1975,164,11365.0;1975,267,54896.0;1975,128,29851.0;1975,167,7338.0;1975,200,12667.0;1975,160,18449.0;1975,201,9973.0;1975,65,36175.0;1975,259,17842.0;1975,34982,11225.0;1975,202,12941.0;1975,3,41840.0;1975,253,20000.0;1975,153,13962.0;1975,151,12000.0;1975,6,55169.0;1975,150,10741.0;1975,149,38425.0;1975,206,8780.0;1975,252,10000.0;1975,254,30000.0;1975,148,16715.0;1975,147,11500.0;1975,94,6667.0;1975,146,19130.0;1975,145,9231.0;1975,139,10835.0;1975,138,50176.0;1975,137,12031.0;1975,136,11873.0;1975,135,21667.0;1975,134,24800.0;1975,133,57946.0;1975,8,58627.0;1975,132,18642.0;1975,14,26871.0;1975,130,11568.0;1975,129,14138.0;1975,208,30000.0;1975,125,15556.0;1975,124,12500.0;1975,123,6518.0;1975,120,11953.0;1975,118,10959.0;1975,117,10000.0;1975,116,12814.0;1975,211,10000.0;1975,115,8680.0;1975,114,3125.0;1976,15,16598.0;1976,16,31111.0;1976,17,12787.0;1976,19,7500.0;1976,20,18214.0;1976,21,21169.0;1976,23,28113.0;1976,24,58600.0;1976,26,10212.0;1976,28,8974.0;1976,29,26144.0;1976,34978,52781.0;1976,31,14438.0;1976,32,6947.0;1976,33,13992.0;1976,34,15269.0;1976,36,7830.0;1976,37,15967.0;1976,39,41459.0;1976,40,8456.0;1976,41,11328.0;1976,18581,4545.0;1976,42,13636.0;1976,43,8887.0;1976,44,53025.0;1976,174,4200.0;1976,173,16000.0;1976,172,25788.0;1976,171,25072.0;1976,34845,25066.0;1976,34979,27580.0;1976,170,13648.0;1976,169,10500.0;1976,168,6000.0;1976,166,15304.0;1976,143,4768.0;1976,164,12401.0;1976,267,35984.0;1976,128,32353.0;1976,167,7277.0;1976,200,13333.0;1976,160,20188.0;1976,201,9936.0;1976,65,38343.0;1976,259,14624.0;1976,34982,18705.0;1976,202,37023.0;1976,3,40305.0;1976,253,16667.0;1976,153,14815.0;1976,151,10714.0;1976,6,46782.0;1976,150,10438.0;1976,149,39453.0;1976,206,9111.0;1976,252,12000.0;1976,254,30000.0;1976,148,13342.0;1976,147,11500.0;1976,94,6250.0;1976,146,9292.0;1976,145,9474.0;1976,139,10206.0;1976,138,38062.0;1976,137,10601.0;1976,136,12277.0;1976,135,21429.0;1976,134,20099.0;1976,133,56693.0;1976,8,59862.0;1976,132,18215.0;1976,14,26190.0;1976,130,11373.0;1976,129,16352.0;1976,208,30000.0;1976,125,10442.0;1976,124,10000.0;1976,123,5792.0;1976,120,11042.0;1976,118,11880.0;1976,117,10980.0;1976,116,15784.0;1976,211,10000.0;1976,115,8570.0;1976,114,5294.0;1976,213,25024.0;1976,113,11819.0;1976,216,10000.0;1976,110,11406.0;1976,109,7500.0;1976,142,7706.0;1976,108,12273.0;1976,107,17904.0;1976,5,55556.0;1976,220,24000.0;1976,106,70873.0;1976,105,8871.0;1976,104,7532.0;1976,103,11973.0;1976,34984,11250.0;1976,101,12242.0;1976,100,7693.0;1976,99,13917.0;1976,98,13659.0;1976,97,18827.0;1976,96,8557.0;1976,11,44046.0;1976,95,11656.0;1976,93,9458.0;1976,127,23167.0;1976,245,53935.0;1976,92,34294.0;1976,91,10798.0;1976,229,7000.0;1976,230,32143.0;1976,232,15152.0;1976,90,7556.0;1976,89,10864.0;1976,87,10385.0;1976,82,9042.0;1976,81,15069.0;1976,9,35786.0;1976,141,7027.0;1976,5396,4340.0;1976,234,14043.0;1976,78,14476.0;1976,7,61692.0;1976,77,9209.0;1976,75,23862.0;1976,3897,10870.0;1976,74,8291.0;1976,73,42105.0;1976,70,21925.0;1976,68,12802.0;1976,1,20000.0;1976,64,11146.0;1976,13,55206.0;1976,63,12206.0;1976,270,30693.0;1976,221,5000.0;1976,238,12185.0;1976,84,11491.0;1976,61,16610.0;1976,34980,38360.0;1976,60,14927.0;1976,80,18065.0;1976,355,28371.0;1976,273,13861.0;1976,462,13976.0;1976,463,7667.0;1976,464,27309.0;1976,465,14789.0;1976,466,9125.0;1976,290,36758.0;1976,450,55154.0;1976,477,11848.0;1976,436,11668.0;1976,295,16615.0;1976,275,19670.0;1976,467,25317.0;1976,470,11588.0;1976,471,12329.0;1976,472,20573.0;1976,276,36869.0;1976,473,34203.0;1976,474,20000.0;1976,475,40150.0;1976,476,42723.0;1976,277,42626.0;1976,34981,43403.0;1976,478,13820.0;1976,34752,15000.0;1976,318,38764.0;1976,454,11682.0;1976,34987,14163.0;1976,5398,11394.0;1976,34988,12441.0;1976,34989,13585.0;1977,213,24962.0;1977,113,13572.0;1977,216,10000.0;1977,110,4341.0;1977,109,7167.0;1977,142,9516.0;1977,108,12083.0;1977,107,16641.0;1977,5,73746.0;1977,220,29310.0;1977,106,73661.0;1977,105,8544.0;1977,104,7273.0;1977,103,10656.0;1977,34984,11250.0;1977,101,12512.0;1977,100,9628.0;1977,99,10372.0;1977,98,13918.0;1977,97,18772.0;1977,96,8854.0;1977,11,40516.0;1977,95,12938.0;1977,93,9458.0;1977,127,27398.0;1977,245,62924.0;1977,92,30484.0;1977,91,11018.0;1977,229,7000.0;1977,230,32143.0;1977,232,15152.0;1977,90,6434.0;1977,89,10515.0;1977,87,10769.0;1977,82,7390.0;1977,81,20810.0;1977,9,44818.0;1977,141,6539.0;1977,5396,6917.0;1977,234,20909.0;1977,78,12757.0;1977,7,64795.0;1977,77,10603.0;1977,75,17177.0;1977,3897,11429.0;1977,74,9942.0;1977,73,40860.0;1977,70,21810.0;1977,68,13184.0;1977,1,32715.0;1977,64,12800.0;1977,13,57015.0;1977,63,8766.0;1977,270,32719.0;1977,221,5000.0;1977,238,15609.0;1977,84,10020.0;1977,61,16111.0;1977,34980,42525.0;1977,60,16925.0;1977,80,18665.0;1977,355,29668.0;1977,273,15093.0;1977,462,14230.0;1977,463,7096.0;1977,464,24011.0;1977,465,20393.0;1977,466,8462.0;1977,290,38035.0;1977,450,57033.0;1977,477,13248.0;1977,436,10510.0;1977,295,18550.0;1977,275,19571.0;1977,467,25438.0;1977,470,11431.0;1977,471,11302.0;1977,472,20804.0;1977,276,40003.0;1977,473,34444.0;1977,474,32715.0;1977,475,45129.0;1977,476,54308.0;1977,277,42638.0;1977,34981,43462.0;1977,478,9750.0;1977,34752,15000.0;1977,318,41880.0;1977,454,11727.0;1977,34987,14770.0;1977,5398,10513.0;1977,34988,12427.0;1977,34989,13310.0;1977,15,15833.0;1977,16,37647.0;1977,17,12226.0;1977,19,5833.0;1977,20,16667.0;1977,21,32780.0;1977,23,27192.0;1977,24,69800.0;1977,26,10306.0;1977,28,8405.0;1977,29,26144.0;1977,34978,51399.0;1977,31,13465.0;1977,32,7311.0;1977,33,14012.0;1977,34,12616.0;1977,36,5446.0;1977,37,16322.0;1977,39,35802.0;1977,40,8194.0;1977,41,11475.0;1977,18581,3750.0;1977,42,12903.0;1977,43,8978.0;1977,44,57729.0;1977,174,3300.0;1977,173,9500.0;1977,172,30748.0;1977,171,25158.0;1977,34845,25155.0;1977,34979,26351.0;1977,170,12968.0;1977,169,10698.0;1977,168,6111.0;1977,166,18022.0;1977,143,4796.0;1977,164,12500.0;1977,267,47012.0;1977,128,33333.0;1977,167,7227.0;1977,200,13333.0;1977,160,18711.0;1977,201,8844.0;1977,65,36749.0;1977,259,15509.0;1977,34982,14092.0;1977,202,37065.0;1977,3,52382.0;1977,253,20000.0;1977,153,15088.0;1977,151,11290.0;1977,6,58107.0;1977,150,10703.0;1977,149,40358.0;1977,206,9063.0;1977,252,20000.0;1977,254,30000.0;1977,148,13126.0;1977,147,10769.0;1977,94,6667.0;1977,146,10887.0;1977,145,7999.0;1977,139,9352.0;1977,138,46439.0;1977,137,10511.0;1977,136,12245.0;1977,135,13750.0;1977,134,26024.0;1977,133,57080.0;1977,8,65087.0;1977,132,21528.0;1977,14,26311.0;1977,130,13835.0;1977,129,16261.0;1977,208,30000.0;1977,125,14196.0;1977,124,12500.0;1977,123,15676.0;1977,120,10807.0;1977,118,10569.0;1977,117,13210.0;1977,116,16941.0;1977,211,10000.0;1977,115,8725.0;1977,114,5000.0;1978,15,16183.0;1978,16,39535.0;1978,17,10813.0;1978,19,6667.0;1978,20,17500.0;1978,21,36466.0;1978,23,28683.0;1978,24,65600.0;1978,26,11587.0;1978,28,7991.0;1978,29,26144.0;1978,34978,62599.0;1978,31,17213.0;1978,32,7779.0;1978,33,14004.0;1978,34,13014.0;1978,36,3111.0;1978,37,12197.0;1978,39,37215.0;1978,40,9313.0;1978,41,13333.0;1978,18581,3333.0;1978,42,12308.0;1978,43,7470.0;1978,44,52586.0;1978,174,5029.0;1978,173,7500.0;1978,172,27363.0;1978,171,28031.0;1978,34845,28030.0;1978,34979,28987.0;1978,170,12851.0;1978,169,10000.0;1978,168,3846.0;1978,166,16899.0;1978,143,4681.0;1978,164,12500.0;1978,267,42998.0;1978,128,34783.0;1978,167,7084.0;1978,200,13333.0;1978,160,13888.0;1978,201,9522.0;1978,65,39099.0;1978,259,19179.0;1978,34982,10938.0;1978,202,26667.0;1978,3,52862.0;1978,253,20000.0;1978,153,14984.0;1978,151,13971.0;1978,6,52868.0;1978,150,10634.0;1978,149,46655.0;1978,206,9082.0;1978,254,30000.0;1978,148,15329.0;1978,147,10000.0;1978,94,6000.0;1978,146,13341.0;1978,145,6500.0;1978,139,9589.0;1978,138,51335.0;1978,137,10762.0;1978,136,13321.0;1978,135,13953.0;1978,134,22857.0;1978,133,51240.0;1978,8,66401.0;1978,132,16235.0;1978,14,29167.0;1978,130,13804.0;1978,129,14557.0;1978,208,30000.0;1978,125,10471.0;1978,124,10000.0;1978,123,14080.0;1978,120,10932.0;1978,118,9434.0;1978,117,12374.0;1978,116,11019.0;1978,211,10000.0;1978,115,24091.0;1978,114,5455.0;1978,213,22880.0;1978,113,15199.0;1978,216,10000.0;1978,110,9898.0;1978,109,7000.0;1978,142,9248.0;1978,108,12500.0;1978,107,16352.0;1978,5,71429.0;1978,220,26500.0;1978,106,70488.0;1978,105,11171.0;1978,104,7982.0;1978,103,12678.0;1978,34984,11500.0;1978,101,12282.0;1978,100,9401.0;1978,99,9674.0;1978,98,13023.0;1978,97,16814.0;1978,96,9425.0;1978,11,36263.0;1978,95,12848.0;1978,93,9348.0;1978,127,32462.0;1978,245,53935.0;1978,92,30424.0;1978,91,11210.0;1978,229,7000.0;1978,230,33571.0;1978,232,15152.0;1978,90,16244.0;1978,89,9599.0;1978,87,10769.0;1978,82,7243.0;1978,81,23130.0;1978,9,44419.0;1978,141,7400.0;1978,5396,6505.0;1978,234,19500.0;1978,78,17871.0;1978,7,67524.0;1978,77,10158.0;1978,75,21240.0;1978,3897,10556.0;1978,74,11714.0;1978,73,40698.0;1978,70,22414.0;1978,68,13200.0;1978,1,30628.0;1978,64,11269.0;1978,13,63421.0;1978,63,10519.0;1978,270,35503.0;1978,221,5000.0;1978,238,14287.0;1978,84,11045.0;1978,61,15405.0;1978,34980,35610.0;1978,60,17049.0;1978,80,16732.0;1978,355,31556.0;1978,273,15377.0;1978,462,12965.0;1978,463,6968.0;1978,464,28096.0;1978,465,22621.0;1978,466,9158.0;1978,290,41377.0;1978,450,63112.0;1978,477,14888.0;1978,436,8892.0;1978,295,16432.0;1978,275,21370.0;1978,467,28263.0;1978,470,11614.0;1978,471,12861.0;1978,472,21170.0;1978,276,40613.0;1978,473,36339.0;1978,474,30628.0;1978,475,41776.0;1978,476,54071.0;1978,277,42105.0;1978,34981,43445.0;1978,478,11189.0;1978,34752,15200.0;1978,318,43137.0;1978,454,11187.0;1978,34987,14509.0;1978,5398,9200.0;1978,34988,12098.0;1978,34989,13065.0;1979,213,25021.0;1979,113,15154.0;1979,216,10000.0;1979,110,7500.0;1979,109,6446.0;1979,142,12637.0;1979,108,13043.0;1979,107,13321.0;1979,5,33333.0;1979,220,20460.0;1979,106,80315.0;1979,105,10279.0;1979,104,7794.0;1979,103,11482.0;1979,34984,11707.0;1979,101,12483.0;1979,100,9230.0;1979,99,22092.0;1979,98,15044.0;1979,97,16749.0;1979,96,9755.0;1979,11,38998.0;1979,95,12838.0;1979,93,9318.0;1979,127,45866.0;1979,245,54000.0;1979,92,35539.0;1979,91,10719.0;1979,229,7000.0;1979,230,33333.0;1979,232,15000.0;1979,90,7615.0;1979,89,6839.0;1979,87,9231.0;1979,82,7336.0;1979,81,18561.0;1979,9,47390.0;1979,141,10677.0;1979,5396,6324.0;1979,234,16709.0;1979,78,9177.0;1979,7,75421.0;1979,77,6098.0;1979,75,20103.0;1979,3897,10465.0;1979,74,11637.0;1979,73,28115.0;1979,70,23077.0;1979,68,16654.0;1979,1,17900.0;1979,64,13231.0;1979,13,68734.0;1979,63,7577.0;1979,270,31442.0;1979,221,5000.0;1979,238,14980.0;1979,84,9917.0;1979,61,16398.0;1979,34980,44798.0;1979,60,16880.0;1979,80,14284.0;1979,355,33847.0;1979,273,13985.0;1979,462,12937.0;1979,463,6741.0;1979,464,25804.0;1979,465,18144.0;1979,466,8527.0;1979,290,45514.0;1979,450,68314.0;1979,477,15081.0;1979,436,9432.0;1979,295,17378.0;1979,275,22382.0;1979,467,30086.0;1979,470,10706.0;1979,471,13055.0;1979,472,21391.0;1979,276,43574.0;1979,473,38688.0;1979,474,17900.0;1979,475,47029.0;1979,476,54564.0;1979,277,46921.0;1979,34981,48113.0;1979,478,14375.0;1979,34752,15294.0;1979,318,46522.0;1979,454,11324.0;1979,34987,13514.0;1979,5398,9500.0;1979,34988,11745.0;1979,34989,12892.0;1979,15,16102.0;1979,16,37500.0;1979,17,11169.0;1979,19,5000.0;1979,20,19200.0;1979,21,31071.0;1979,23,33760.0;1979,24,71700.0;1979,26,11429.0;1979,28,7265.0;1979,29,26144.0;1979,34978,61300.0;1979,31,15244.0;1979,32,7240.0;1979,33,13996.0;1979,34,13602.0;1979,36,1066.0;1979,37,14406.0;1979,39,48403.0;1979,40,9067.0;1979,41,11283.0;1979,18581,4286.0;1979,42,9333.0;1979,43,7482.0;1979,44,55386.0;1979,174,3277.0;1979,173,8000.0;1979,172,37518.0;1979,171,29851.0;1979,34845,29852.0;1979,34979,29121.0;1979,170,14136.0;1979,169,10000.0;1979,168,6538.0;1979,166,16542.0;1979,143,4709.0;1979,164,12500.0;1979,267,50083.0;1979,128,36232.0;1979,167,8000.0;1979,200,14194.0;1979,160,11757.0;1979,201,9958.0;1979,65,37119.0;1979,259,18959.0;1979,34982,15079.0;1979,202,25000.0;1979,3,52195.0;1979,253,20000.0;1979,153,15031.0;1979,151,12222.0;1979,6,64057.0;1979,150,10615.0;1979,149,57889.0;1979,206,9076.0;1979,254,30000.0;1979,148,17447.0;1979,147,10000.0;1979,94,6667.0;1979,146,14796.0;1979,145,7843.0;1979,139,10371.0;1979,138,54115.0;1979,137,9794.0;1979,136,13902.0;1979,135,13571.0;1979,134,24963.0;1979,133,40377.0;1979,8,66173.0;1979,132,14913.0;1979,14,25907.0;1979,130,40407.0;1979,129,13000.0;1979,208,50000.0;1979,125,11234.0;1979,124,10000.0;1979,123,11122.0;1979,120,10752.0;1979,118,10039.0;1979,117,11998.0;1979,116,11429.0;1979,211,10000.0;1979,115,16684.0;1979,114,5556.0;1980,15,16711.0;1980,16,26504.0;1980,17,9660.0;1980,19,6000.0;1980,20,17059.0;1980,21,25703.0;1980,23,27912.0;1980,24,67000.0;1980,26,11413.0;1980,28,7146.0;1980,29,25000.0;1980,34978,62801.0;1980,31,17891.0;1980,32,7437.0;1980,33,13989.0;1980,34,13063.0;1980,36,2495.0;1980,37,17790.0;1980,39,38586.0;1980,40,9029.0;1980,41,10769.0;1980,18581,5313.0;1980,42,10000.0;1980,43,8318.0;1980,44,56283.0;1980,174,3786.0;1980,173,8333.0;1980,172,34873.0;1980,171,30785.0;1980,34845,30789.0;1980,34979,28782.0;1980,170,13893.0;1980,169,10000.0;1980,168,8056.0;1980,166,19387.0;1980,143,8120.0;1980,164,12338.0;1980,267,46851.0;1980,128,39130.0;1980,167,7995.0;1980,200,14375.0;1980,160,12783.0;1980,201,10698.0;1980,65,40366.0;1980,259,18153.0;1980,34982,17502.0;1980,202,17500.0;1980,3,53167.0;1980,153,14896.0;1980,151,10678.0;1980,6,56435.0;1980,150,8682.0;1980,149,74145.0;1980,206,8940.0;1980,254,30000.0;1980,148,13690.0;1980,147,10000.0;1980,94,10000.0;1980,146,14797.0;1980,145,8959.0;1980,139,11455.0;1980,138,53242.0;1980,137,11586.0;1980,136,14592.0;1980,135,14286.0;1980,134,25148.0;1980,133,48929.0;1980,8,67712.0;1980,132,15216.0;1980,14,19886.0;1980,130,76500.0;1980,129,12000.0;1980,208,54000.0;1980,125,10031.0;1980,124,10000.0;1980,123,9571.0;1980,120,9500.0;1980,118,9975.0;1980,117,12232.0;1980,116,11429.0;1980,211,10000.0;1980,115,11097.0;1980,114,6452.0;1980,213,22454.0;1980,113,18261.0;1980,216,10000.0;1980,110,8087.0;1980,109,5429.0;1980,142,11513.0;1980,108,12308.0;1980,107,16241.0;1980,5,39216.0;1980,220,29245.0;1980,106,80758.0;1980,105,11231.0;1980,104,6579.0;1980,103,13161.0;1980,34984,11951.0;1980,101,12619.0;1980,100,9631.0;1980,99,24261.0;1980,98,15531.0;1980,97,15823.0;1980,96,9602.0;1980,11,35443.0;1980,95,16931.0;1980,93,10345.0;1980,127,43619.0;1980,245,42808.0;1980,92,32131.0;1980,91,11847.0;1980,230,33125.0;1980,232,15000.0;1980,90,5170.0;1980,89,7274.0;1980,87,9231.0;1980,82,10092.0;1980,81,24195.0;1980,9,50904.0;1980,141,10909.0;1980,5396,6281.0;1980,234,15847.0;1980,78,13597.0;1980,7,64715.0;1980,77,8704.0;1980,75,22283.0;1980,3897,10417.0;1980,74,9208.0;1980,73,28060.0;1980,70,21269.0;1980,68,11085.0;1980,1,15700.0;1980,64,12329.0;1980,13,57118.0;1980,63,9538.0;1980,270,31827.0;1980,221,5200.0;1980,238,14596.0;1980,84,11006.0;1980,61,15758.0;1980,34980,42312.0;1980,60,16875.0;1980,80,13396.0;1980,355,31534.0;1980,273,15579.0;1980,462,12567.0;1980,463,7278.0;1980,464,28135.0;1980,465,23429.0;1980,466,9349.0;1980,290,39573.0;1980,450,57090.0;1980,477,17428.0;1980,436,10380.0;1980,295,18579.0;1980,275,23235.0;1980,467,31078.0;1980,470,12285.0;1980,471,13538.0;1980,472,20190.0;1980,276,42114.0;1980,473,35967.0;1980,474,15700.0;1980,475,47967.0;1980,476,54737.0;1980,277,40874.0;1980,34981,41854.0;1980,478,15778.0;1980,34752,15490.0;1980,318,45487.0;1980,454,11410.0;1980,34987,13408.0;1980,5398,10428.0;1980,34988,12462.0;1980,34989,13217.0;1981,213,24624.0;1981,113,18240.0;1981,216,10000.0;1981,110,2486.0;1981,109,5286.0;1981,142,14660.0;1981,108,12308.0;1981,107,15805.0;1981,5,31481.0;1981,220,34480.0;1981,106,88295.0;1981,105,9385.0;1981,104,6875.0;1981,103,16438.0;1981,34984,12195.0;1981,101,12588.0;1981,100,9786.0;1981,99,14385.0;1981,98,16103.0;1981,97,17307.0;1981,96,9790.0;1981,11,42048.0;1981,95,14400.0;1981,93,54348.0;1981,127,43829.0;1981,245,55102.0;1981,92,27036.0;1981,91,12328.0;1981,230,32353.0;1981,232,15152.0;1981,90,2727.0;1981,89,12167.0;1981,87,10769.0;1981,82,7208.0;1981,81,33137.0;1981,9,50310.0;1981,141,9178.0;1981,5396,4890.0;1981,234,20000.0;1981,78,16835.0;1981,7,75081.0;1981,77,8343.0;1981,75,23538.0;1981,3897,10465.0;1981,74,9880.0;1981,73,27858.0;1981,70,20690.0;1981,68,13154.0;1981,64,13622.0;1981,13,68380.0;1981,63,12365.0;1981,270,26600.0;1981,221,5200.0;1981,238,14510.0;1981,84,11170.0;1981,61,16972.0;1981,34980,42695.0;1981,60,20399.0;1981,80,20781.0;1981,355,34933.0;1981,273,18503.0;1981,462,14205.0;1981,463,7185.0;1981,464,27752.0;1981,465,31816.0;1981,466,10154.0;1981,290,46000.0;1981,450,68022.0;1981,477,17574.0;1981,436,10811.0;1981,295,21914.0;1981,275,22992.0;1981,467,30873.0;1981,470,12283.0;1981,471,14229.0;1981,472,19454.0;1981,276,41250.0;1981,473,32615.0;1981,475,49997.0;1981,476,60312.0;1981,277,42884.0;1981,34981,44067.0;1981,478,16375.0;1981,34752,15686.0;1981,318,46906.0;1981,454,11062.0;1981,34987,15440.0;1981,5398,10825.0;1981,34988,13180.0;1981,34989,13303.0;1981,15,16690.0;1981,16,31585.0;1981,17,10031.0;1981,19,4167.0;1981,20,18000.0;1981,21,38008.0;1981,23,30584.0;1981,24,72700.0;1981,26,11429.0;1981,28,7300.0;1981,29,25000.0;1981,34978,64799.0;1981,31,18444.0;1981,32,6646.0;1981,33,14208.0;1981,34,16087.0;1981,36,3611.0;1981,37,18330.0;1981,39,42616.0;1981,40,8297.0;1981,41,11231.0;1981,18581,4286.0;1981,42,10000.0;1981,43,9773.0;1981,44,58573.0;1981,174,4098.0;1981,173,8750.0;1981,172,41277.0;1981,171,30507.0;1981,34845,30513.0;1981,34979,27298.0;1981,170,13990.0;1981,169,10000.0;1981,168,9600.0;1981,166,17646.0;1981,143,8163.0;1981,164,12338.0;1981,267,41744.0;1981,128,40580.0;1981,167,8334.0;1981,154,25000.0;1981,200,14242.0;1981,160,13852.0;1981,201,11503.0;1981,65,40936.0;1981,259,18098.0;1981,34982,12973.0;1981,202,23333.0;1981,3,58291.0;1981,153,14000.0;1981,151,16447.0;1981,6,64444.0;1981,150,10161.0;1981,149,85771.0;1981,206,10444.0;1981,254,30000.0;1981,148,14638.0;1981,147,11111.0;1981,94,8125.0;1981,146,8662.0;1981,145,9446.0;1981,139,14237.0;1981,138,58769.0;1981,137,11622.0;1981,136,15260.0;1981,135,19500.0;1981,134,22298.0;1981,133,44985.0;1981,8,72816.0;1981,132,14543.0;1981,14,22500.0;1981,130,36582.0;1981,129,15786.0;1981,208,110000.0;1981,125,10599.0;1981,124,7500.0;1981,123,8467.0;1981,120,10204.0;1981,118,9460.0;1981,117,11318.0;1981,116,11429.0;1981,211,10000.0;1981,115,8836.0;1981,114,5195.0;1982,15,16658.0;1982,16,37252.0;1982,17,7836.0;1982,19,4167.0;1982,20,17879.0;1982,21,30284.0;1982,23,34819.0;1982,24,78500.0;1982,26,11654.0;1982,28,7387.0;1982,29,25000.0;1982,34978,78600.0;1982,31,19257.0;1982,32,6484.0;1982,33,14209.0;1982,34,15733.0;1982,36,5188.0;1982,37,17308.0;1982,39,55047.0;1982,40,8235.0;1982,41,11077.0;1982,18581,4400.0;1982,42,8361.0;1982,43,10928.0;1982,44,58812.0;1982,174,4023.0;1982,173,7244.0;1982,172,36957.0;1982,171,32686.0;1982,34845,32691.0;1982,34979,30278.0;1982,170,14125.0;1982,169,10000.0;1982,168,5701.0;1982,166,15294.0;1982,143,8269.0;1982,164,12338.0;1982,267,53312.0;1982,128,42029.0;1982,167,8476.0;1982,154,25000.0;1982,200,14118.0;1982,160,12986.0;1982,201,14964.0;1982,65,41181.0;1982,259,17344.0;1982,34982,18385.0;1982,202,20619.0;1982,3,63185.0;1982,153,14583.0;1982,151,18085.0;1982,6,65717.0;1982,150,9276.0;1982,149,87079.0;1982,206,9000.0;1982,254,30000.0;1982,148,16449.0;1982,147,11111.0;1982,94,6500.0;1982,146,8831.0;1982,145,9994.0;1982,139,13451.0;1982,138,68743.0;1982,137,11448.0;1982,136,15693.0;1982,135,20000.0;1982,134,23648.0;1982,133,65268.0;1982,8,67509.0;1982,132,13022.0;1982,14,20297.0;1982,130,28875.0;1982,129,20712.0;1982,208,50000.0;1982,125,10998.0;1982,124,6957.0;1982,123,7265.0;1982,120,10204.0;1982,118,9697.0;1982,117,11792.0;1982,116,11250.0;1982,211,10000.0;1982,115,9927.0;1982,114,5714.0;1982,213,25369.0;1982,113,17976.0;1982,216,16364.0;1982,110,6172.0;1982,109,4375.0;1982,142,17600.0;1982,108,12308.0;1982,107,14062.0;1982,5,51546.0;1982,220,31821.0;1982,106,90705.0;1982,105,9256.0;1982,104,6809.0;1982,103,13777.0;1982,34984,12195.0;1982,101,12730.0;1982,100,8561.0;1982,99,13258.0;1982,98,14892.0;1982,97,17418.0;1982,96,9900.0;1982,11,41957.0;1982,95,15643.0;1982,93,40000.0;1982,127,41194.0;1982,245,55102.0;1982,92,38164.0;1982,91,11606.0;1982,230,33333.0;1982,232,15152.0;1982,90,9354.0;1982,89,9758.0;1982,87,10714.0;1982,82,7172.0;1982,81,18827.0;1982,9,55704.0;1982,141,8379.0;1982,5396,4915.0;1982,234,15556.0;1982,78,8868.0;1982,7,85326.0;1982,77,8954.0;1982,75,22988.0;1982,3897,10435.0;1982,74,8615.0;1982,73,28062.0;1982,70,23448.0;1982,68,13789.0;1982,64,13430.0;1982,13,71082.0;1982,63,10250.0;1982,270,35376.0;1982,221,5200.0;1982,238,16425.0;1982,84,11487.0;1982,61,17337.0;1982,34980,49586.0;1982,60,16507.0;1982,80,12767.0;1982,355,36090.0;1982,273,14669.0;1982,462,13594.0;1982,463,7477.0;1982,464,28444.0;1982,465,18335.0;1982,466,9578.0;1982,290,47040.0;1982,450,70637.0;1982,477,17276.0;1982,436,11046.0;1982,295,19466.0;1982,275,24358.0;1982,467,33032.0;1982,470,12061.0;1982,471,14165.0;1982,472,22147.0;1982,276,48470.0;1982,473,42325.0;1982,475,53380.0;1982,476,65145.0;1982,277,46603.0;1982,34981,47958.0;1982,478,14903.0;1982,34752,15686.0;1982,318,54540.0;1982,454,10987.0;1982,34987,12937.0;1982,5398,10891.0;1982,34988,12962.0;1982,34989,13779.0;1983,213,28657.0;1983,113,17770.0;1983,216,16364.0;1983,110,5942.0;1983,109,4125.0;1983,142,17121.0;1983,108,12143.0;1983,107,15108.0;1983,5,63091.0;1983,220,30089.0;1983,106,82985.0;1983,105,9951.0;1983,104,6204.0;1983,103,9707.0;1983,34984,11250.0;1983,101,12701.0;1983,100,9119.0;1983,99,15951.0;1983,98,15412.0;1983,97,16977.0;1983,96,10232.0;1983,11,41362.0;1983,95,15609.0;1983,93,50000.0;1983,127,36928.0;1983,245,41763.0;1983,92,35079.0;1983,91,12916.0;1983,230,33514.0;1983,232,15000.0;1983,90,8136.0;1983,89,8593.0;1983,87,10714.0;1983,82,10782.0;1983,81,9400.0;1983,9,50923.0;1983,141,10965.0;1983,5396,4906.0;1983,234,13525.0;1983,78,6768.0;1983,7,73024.0;1983,77,4841.0;1983,75,22674.0;1983,3897,10213.0;1983,74,6691.0;1983,73,28079.0;1983,70,26909.0;1983,68,14000.0;1983,64,13427.0;1983,13,50893.0;1983,63,11140.0;1983,270,34137.0;1983,221,5200.0;1983,238,15726.0;1983,84,12371.0;1983,61,9726.0;1983,34980,47345.0;1983,60,17108.0;1983,80,6821.0;1983,355,29452.0;1983,273,11567.0;1983,462,12597.0;1983,463,7492.0;1983,464,28947.0;1983,465,9328.0;1983,466,7800.0;1983,290,33913.0;1983,450,51103.0;1983,477,17479.0;1983,436,10642.0;1983,295,19735.0;1983,275,26478.0;1983,467,36510.0;1983,470,13726.0;1983,471,15116.0;1983,472,24151.0;1983,276,45905.0;1983,473,38844.0;1983,475,52246.0;1983,476,62776.0;1983,277,33856.0;1983,34981,34606.0;1983,478,15806.0;1983,34752,13023.0;1983,318,50879.0;1983,454,11317.0;1983,34987,11583.0;1983,5398,10544.0;1983,34988,12782.0;1983,34989,13756.0;1983,15,16641.0;1983,16,42263.0;1983,17,9333.0;1983,19,4583.0;1983,20,17895.0;1983,21,30303.0;1983,23,21653.0;1983,24,69900.0;1983,26,12500.0;1983,28,7829.0;1983,29,25000.0;1983,34978,75300.0;1983,31,17004.0;1983,32,6222.0;1983,33,13997.0;1983,34,12927.0;1983,36,4334.0;1983,37,17496.0;1983,39,52291.0;1983,40,5647.0;1983,41,11385.0;1983,18581,3857.0;1983,42,8776.0;1983,43,10291.0;1983,44,55177.0;1983,174,4176.0;1983,173,7776.0;1983,172,43370.0;1983,171,36255.0;1983,34845,36235.0;1983,34979,44898.0;1983,170,14834.0;1983,169,12500.0;1983,168,7166.0;1983,166,15159.0;1983,143,7455.0;1983,164,12338.0;1983,267,44434.0;1983,128,43478.0;1983,167,8309.0;1983,154,25000.0;1983,200,13889.0;1983,160,14136.0;1983,201,11146.0;1983,65,42793.0;1983,259,18349.0;1983,34982,19556.0;1983,202,22579.0;1983,3,62500.0;1983,153,15000.0;1983,151,12319.0;1983,6,55224.0;1983,150,4300.0;1983,149,91563.0;1983,206,9493.0;1983,254,36667.0;1983,148,18357.0;1983,147,11111.0;1983,94,6250.0;1983,146,9067.0;1983,145,9300.0;1983,139,14851.0;1983,138,56940.0;1983,137,13521.0;1983,136,16944.0;1983,135,19565.0;1983,134,18733.0;1983,133,72045.0;1983,8,68240.0;1983,132,12945.0;1983,14,13627.0;1983,130,13333.0;1983,129,17692.0;1983,208,50000.0;1983,125,10694.0;1983,124,6667.0;1983,123,7360.0;1983,120,10204.0;1983,118,10459.0;1983,117,11710.0;1983,116,14286.0;1983,211,10000.0;1983,115,11425.0;1983,114,5000.0;1984,15,16612.0;1984,16,37209.0;1984,17,18670.0;1984,19,4333.0;1984,20,17059.0;1984,21,31407.0;1984,23,34806.0;1984,24,74600.0;1984,26,13333.0;1984,28,8179.0;1984,29,27273.0;1984,34978,67600.0;1984,31,13711.0;1984,32,8077.0;1984,33,13607.0;1984,34,15436.0;1984,36,1485.0;1984,37,17610.0;1984,39,55288.0;1984,40,6408.0;1984,41,10859.0;1984,18581,4936.0;1984,42,11163.0;1984,43,18113.0;1984,44,58971.0;1984,174,5263.0;1984,173,8157.0;1984,172,52135.0;1984,171,39620.0;1984,34845,39602.0;1984,34979,46020.0;1984,170,14575.0;1984,169,17250.0;1984,168,6547.0;1984,166,16803.0;1984,143,8739.0;1984,164,12338.0;1984,267,48173.0;1984,128,46377.0;1984,167,8471.0;1984,154,23333.0;1984,200,13529.0;1984,160,17628.0;1984,201,13294.0;1984,65,44554.0;1984,259,21662.0;1984,34982,18674.0;1984,202,23171.0;1984,3,60201.0;1984,153,15116.0;1984,151,13587.0;1984,6,56516.0;1984,150,9613.0;1984,149,93593.0;1984,206,9493.0;1984,254,35000.0;1984,148,15403.0;1984,147,10558.0;1984,94,5938.0;1984,146,7778.0;1984,145,9323.0;1984,139,13545.0;1984,138,59018.0;1984,137,14556.0;1984,136,17134.0;1984,135,25000.0;1984,134,16450.0;1984,133,66271.0;1984,8,69459.0;1984,132,12845.0;1984,14,21102.0;1984,130,28701.0;1984,129,14437.0;1984,208,51429.0;1984,125,11872.0;1984,124,10000.0;1984,123,6800.0;1984,120,10204.0;1984,118,10674.0;1984,117,11911.0;1984,116,15714.0;1984,211,10000.0;1984,115,11358.0;1984,114,5000.0;1984,213,43650.0;1984,113,18554.0;1984,216,15833.0;1984,110,6881.0;1984,109,4375.0;1984,142,16292.0;1984,108,12500.0;1984,107,14167.0;1984,5,25575.0;1984,220,12348.0;1984,106,87804.0;1984,105,10998.0;1984,104,3524.0;1984,103,11390.0;1984,34984,11750.0;1984,101,12705.0;1984,100,10074.0;1984,99,14413.0;1984,98,14345.0;1984,97,19777.0;1984,96,10657.0;1984,11,38270.0;1984,95,20529.0;1984,93,50000.0;1984,127,44407.0;1984,245,45200.0;1984,92,32004.0;1984,91,11988.0;1984,230,33158.0;1984,232,15556.0;1984,90,15459.0;1984,89,11907.0;1984,87,10769.0;1984,82,12277.0;1984,81,9913.0;1984,9,57456.0;1984,141,10715.0;1984,5396,4800.0;1984,234,16892.0;1984,78,17900.0;1984,7,70329.0;1984,77,10829.0;1984,75,24305.0;1984,3897,10870.0;1984,74,9294.0;1984,73,28571.0;1984,70,27289.0;1984,68,9741.0;1984,64,13734.0;1984,13,66981.0;1984,63,13441.0;1984,270,34634.0;1984,221,5200.0;1984,238,17489.0;1984,84,13770.0;1984,61,12288.0;1984,34980,48522.0;1984,60,17211.0;1984,80,8326.0;1984,355,35256.0;1984,273,12021.0;1984,462,12105.0;1984,463,8060.0;1984,464,31499.0;1984,465,9980.0;1984,466,9750.0;1984,290,44736.0;1984,450,66676.0;1984,477,17943.0;1984,436,11483.0;1984,295,20087.0;1984,275,28477.0;1984,467,39868.0;1984,470,14432.0;1984,471,15923.0;1984,472,24929.0;1984,276,46175.0;1984,473,38387.0;1984,475,54653.0;1984,476,61375.0;1984,277,44455.0;1984,34981,45638.0;1984,478,12652.0;1984,34752,14783.0;1984,318,50685.0;1984,454,11385.0;1984,34987,11920.0;1984,5398,11282.0;1984,34988,13343.0;1984,34989,13867.0;1985,213,47476.0;1985,113,18583.0;1985,216,16667.0;1985,110,8001.0;1985,109,4444.0;1985,142,17487.0;1985,108,7250.0;1985,107,14215.0;1985,5,114416.0;1985,220,39951.0;1985,106,97966.0;1985,105,10978.0;1985,104,3387.0;1985,103,11735.0;1985,34984,11750.0;1985,101,12556.0;1985,100,11460.0;1985,99,22004.0;1985,98,16987.0;1985,97,18944.0;1985,96,11171.0;1985,11,42973.0;1985,95,22554.0;1985,93,10714.0;1985,127,50417.0;1985,245,44729.0;1985,92,38520.0;1985,91,12182.0;1985,230,33000.0;1985,232,15167.0;1985,90,13004.0;1985,89,14493.0;1985,87,10769.0;1985,82,11950.0;1985,81,18756.0;1985,9,64879.0;1985,141,9150.0;1985,5396,4865.0;1985,234,16275.0;1985,78,20220.0;1985,7,72700.0;1985,77,14245.0;1985,75,25719.0;1985,3897,10670.0;1985,74,9061.0;1985,73,28571.0;1985,70,33525.0;1985,68,12266.0;1985,64,13278.0;1985,13,74074.0;1985,63,12066.0;1985,270,32142.0;1985,221,5197.0;1985,238,18608.0;1985,84,14777.0;1985,61,10952.0;1985,34980,41216.0;1985,60,19289.0;1985,80,21637.0;1985,355,37202.0;1985,273,14991.0;1985,462,14137.0;1985,463,7704.0;1985,464,32345.0;1985,465,18452.0;1985,466,10597.0;1985,290,49132.0;1985,450,73646.0;1985,477,18085.0;1985,436,10000.0;1985,295,21936.0;1985,275,26315.0;1985,467,36560.0;1985,470,12041.0;1985,471,16589.0;1985,472,31261.0;1985,276,45982.0;1985,473,38303.0;1985,475,50978.0;1985,476,67472.0;1985,277,38180.0;1985,34981,38613.0;1985,478,19011.0;1985,34752,14222.0;1985,318,54148.0;1985,454,11018.0;1985,34987,15815.0;1985,5398,10208.0;1985,34988,13302.0;1985,34989,13881.0;1985,15,16652.0;1985,16,35128.0;1985,17,6376.0;1985,19,4167.0;1985,20,19000.0;1985,21,35629.0;1985,23,28329.0;1985,24,83100.0;1985,26,13443.0;1985,28,8669.0;1985,29,25000.0;1985,34978,71400.0;1985,31,13846.0;1985,32,8890.0;1985,33,13571.0;1985,34,15875.0;1985,36,1816.0;1985,37,18662.0;1985,39,31027.0;1985,40,9910.0;1985,41,12077.0;1985,18581,4009.0;1985,42,9130.0;1985,43,16645.0;1985,44,62043.0;1985,174,9639.0;1985,173,8300.0;1985,172,59131.0;1985,171,36103.0;1985,34845,36072.0;1985,34979,44829.0;1985,170,14107.0;1985,169,14792.0;1985,168,7564.0;1985,166,16047.0;1985,143,9006.0;1985,164,12338.0;1985,267,54355.0;1985,128,47826.0;1985,167,8000.0;1985,154,17500.0;1985,200,13333.0;1985,160,16486.0;1985,201,16214.0;1985,65,45846.0;1985,259,19544.0;1985,34982,11491.0;1985,202,34000.0;1985,3,65760.0;1985,153,14444.0;1985,151,15788.0;1985,6,66479.0;1985,150,10086.0;1985,149,86037.0;1985,206,9512.0;1985,254,34000.0;1985,148,16501.0;1985,147,11111.0;1985,94,6667.0;1985,146,10000.0;1985,145,8000.0;1985,139,14650.0;1985,138,63027.0;1985,137,11460.0;1985,136,17744.0;1985,135,34471.0;1985,134,19121.0;1985,133,180996.0;1985,8,68888.0;1985,132,13029.0;1985,14,24606.0;1985,130,11600.0;1985,129,17222.0;1985,208,117547.0;1985,125,12398.0;1985,124,10000.0;1985,123,7822.0;1985,120,10222.0;1985,118,10014.0;1985,117,11835.0;1985,116,16667.0;1985,211,10000.0;1985,115,12845.0;1985,114,3333.0;1986,15,16875.0;1986,16,45065.0;1986,17,8433.0;1986,19,3500.0;1986,20,19048.0;1986,21,37450.0;1986,23,32976.0;1986,24,80300.0;1986,26,13443.0;1986,28,9246.0;1986,29,25610.0;1986,34978,79400.0;1986,31,16036.0;1986,32,8543.0;1986,33,13611.0;1986,34,15554.0;1986,36,4091.0;1986,37,16486.0;1986,39,49599.0;1986,40,9388.0;1986,41,12424.0;1986,18581,5343.0;1986,42,11860.0;1986,43,19248.0;1986,44,59484.0;1986,174,12018.0;1986,173,7802.0;1986,172,68865.0;1986,171,37074.0;1986,34845,37051.0;1986,34979,42906.0;1986,170,13322.0;1986,169,16625.0;1986,168,8365.0;1986,166,15915.0;1986,143,7000.0;1986,164,12338.0;1986,267,47177.0;1986,128,50000.0;1986,167,8000.0;1986,154,16667.0;1986,200,12000.0;1986,160,14751.0;1986,201,9737.0;1986,65,49903.0;1986,259,16960.0;1986,34982,11979.0;1986,202,33333.0;1986,3,61625.0;1986,153,14510.0;1986,151,15656.0;1986,6,69549.0;1986,150,11845.0;1986,149,91468.0;1986,206,9800.0;1986,254,28571.0;1986,148,17656.0;1986,147,11111.0;1986,94,7692.0;1986,146,10639.0;1986,145,8027.0;1986,139,13972.0;1986,138,63380.0;1986,137,12819.0;1986,136,18838.0;1986,135,45631.0;1986,134,19981.0;1986,133,154940.0;1986,8,75431.0;1986,132,10371.0;1986,14,19920.0;1986,130,66667.0;1986,129,20343.0;1986,208,150156.0;1986,125,14067.0;1986,124,12667.0;1986,123,7089.0;1986,120,10625.0;1986,118,10330.0;1986,117,10849.0;1986,116,17333.0;1986,211,10000.0;1986,115,16546.0;1986,114,7500.0;1986,213,43888.0;1986,113,18406.0;1986,216,16667.0;1986,110,8180.0;1986,109,4590.0;1986,142,17947.0;1986,108,12726.0;1986,107,13856.0;1986,5,94787.0;1986,220,23655.0;1986,106,96222.0;1986,105,14596.0;1986,104,6565.0;1986,103,12679.0;1986,34984,12000.0;1986,101,13614.0;1986,100,11022.0;1986,99,22608.0;1986,98,17013.0;1986,97,20410.0;1986,96,11482.0;1986,11,50706.0;1986,95,24371.0;1986,93,13846.0;1986,127,47904.0;1986,245,46207.0;1986,92,38140.0;1986,91,11305.0;1986,230,30000.0;1986,232,15000.0;1986,90,8687.0;1986,89,11392.0;1986,87,5725.0;1986,82,13717.0;1986,81,17809.0;1986,9,65342.0;1986,141,13018.0;1986,5396,5714.0;1986,234,11525.0;1986,78,14312.0;1986,7,77520.0;1986,77,13414.0;1986,75,23738.0;1986,3897,10720.0;1986,74,6454.0;1986,73,28571.0;1986,70,41073.0;1986,68,10001.0;1986,64,11606.0;1986,13,74930.0;1986,63,9913.0;1986,270,29550.0;1986,221,5154.0;1986,238,18040.0;1986,84,14213.0;1986,61,11917.0;1986,34980,52875.0;1986,60,20911.0;1986,80,19373.0;1986,355,36279.0;1986,273,14493.0;1986,462,13839.0;1986,463,7576.0;1986,464,33975.0;1986,465,17459.0;1986,466,11190.0;1986,290,47891.0;1986,450,74399.0;1986,477,17940.0;1986,436,9646.0;1986,295,20281.0;1986,275,27361.0;1986,467,37528.0;1986,470,13196.0;1986,471,16648.0;1986,472,37208.0;1986,276,47813.0;1986,473,38295.0;1986,475,58962.0;1986,476,64218.0;1986,277,44132.0;1986,34981,44870.0;1986,478,16864.0;1986,34752,14468.0;1986,318,55222.0;1986,454,10530.0;1986,34987,14988.0;1986,5398,9873.0;1986,34988,13587.0;1986,34989,13704.0;1987,213,35524.0;1987,113,17058.0;1987,216,16667.0;1987,110,6515.0;1987,109,2710.0;1987,142,16596.0;1987,108,6779.0;1987,107,13379.0;1987,5,85714.0;1987,220,11567.0;1987,106,92863.0;1987,105,13713.0;1987,104,5548.0;1987,103,13533.0;1987,34984,12000.0;1987,101,13197.0;1987,100,12549.0;1987,99,13000.0;1987,98,18046.0;1987,97,20045.0;1987,96,11617.0;1987,11,46033.0;1987,95,25028.0;1987,93,10769.0;1987,127,48493.0;1987,245,45652.0;1987,92,27006.0;1987,91,14839.0;1987,230,33333.0;1987,232,16000.0;1987,90,17192.0;1987,89,11494.0;1987,87,10000.0;1987,82,11029.0;1987,81,15584.0;1987,9,65611.0;1987,141,12012.0;1987,5396,4717.0;1987,234,16071.0;1987,78,12385.0;1987,7,72686.0;1987,77,10286.0;1987,75,20486.0;1987,3897,11400.0;1987,74,7652.0;1987,73,28571.0;1987,70,42146.0;1987,68,11629.0;1987,64,13683.0;1987,13,75225.0;1987,63,11850.0;1987,270,32381.0;1987,221,5077.0;1987,238,18500.0;1987,84,13831.0;1987,61,12422.0;1987,34980,39959.0;1987,60,17447.0;1987,80,9173.0;1987,355,34863.0;1987,273,13412.0;1987,462,12384.0;1987,463,7625.0;1987,464,32817.0;1987,465,15270.0;1987,466,11538.0;1987,290,45805.0;1987,450,75025.0;1987,477,16844.0;1987,436,9561.0;1987,295,21275.0;1987,275,28632.0;1987,467,39638.0;1987,470,11214.0;1987,471,15783.0;1987,472,37774.0;1987,276,44846.0;1987,473,35331.0;1987,475,52093.0;1987,476,71641.0;1987,277,48407.0;1987,34981,49923.0;1987,478,10398.0;1987,34752,14167.0;1987,318,52572.0;1987,454,10732.0;1987,34987,12142.0;1987,5398,9812.0;1987,34988,12581.0;1987,34989,13578.0;1987,15,17020.0;1987,16,38148.0;1987,17,14106.0;1987,19,3529.0;1987,20,19200.0;1987,21,31897.0;1987,23,35798.0;1987,24,81300.0;1987,26,13636.0;1987,28,9458.0;1987,29,25610.0;1987,34978,66999.0;1987,31,16017.0;1987,32,7075.0;1987,33,9542.0;1987,34,15912.0;1987,36,6065.0;1987,37,19843.0;1987,39,37370.0;1987,40,7408.0;1987,41,12654.0;1987,18581,6072.0;1987,42,9500.0;1987,43,19131.0;1987,44,70197.0;1987,174,10202.0;1987,173,7066.0;1987,172,71210.0;1987,171,39230.0;1987,34845,39205.0;1987,34979,45715.0;1987,170,13802.0;1987,169,24025.0;1987,168,7558.0;1987,166,17007.0;1987,143,6765.0;1987,164,12338.0;1987,267,56379.0;1987,128,51471.0;1987,167,8500.0;1987,154,15000.0;1987,200,13846.0;1987,160,14001.0;1987,201,9163.0;1987,65,47571.0;1987,259,20738.0;1987,34982,16801.0;1987,202,20000.0;1987,3,71502.0;1987,153,15766.0;1987,151,11868.0;1987,6,62600.0;1987,150,10907.0;1987,149,90954.0;1987,206,10000.0;1987,254,25000.0;1987,148,15336.0;1987,147,10000.0;1987,94,9091.0;1987,146,12357.0;1987,145,8000.0;1987,139,15211.0;1987,138,61836.0;1987,137,10288.0;1987,136,19633.0;1987,135,49124.0;1987,134,19632.0;1987,133,192292.0;1987,8,75011.0;1987,132,11340.0;1987,14,23810.0;1987,130,83819.0;1987,129,17169.0;1987,208,150000.0;1987,125,14426.0;1987,124,15799.0;1987,123,6664.0;1987,120,10267.0;1987,118,11295.0;1987,117,10164.0;1987,116,17647.0;1987,211,10000.0;1987,115,15118.0;1987,114,5000.0;1988,15,17034.0;1988,16,32871.0;1988,17,10000.0;1988,19,3000.0;1988,20,20357.0;1988,21,37744.0;1988,23,37482.0;1988,24,84800.0;1988,26,14000.0;1988,28,9118.0;1988,29,26190.0;1988,34978,78701.0;1988,31,15414.0;1988,32,8712.0;1988,33,7431.0;1988,34,15189.0;1988,36,2322.0;1988,37,18775.0;1988,39,31802.0;1988,40,8194.0;1988,41,12836.0;1988,18581,4819.0;1988,42,8200.0;1988,43,19592.0;1988,44,54710.0;1988,174,10190.0;1988,173,10767.0;1988,172,73176.0;1988,171,39306.0;1988,34845,39281.0;1988,34979,45411.0;1988,170,13670.0;1988,169,24022.0;1988,168,7896.0;1988,166,16007.0;1988,143,6995.0;1988,164,12338.0;1988,267,52997.0;1988,128,54545.0;1988,167,8090.0;1988,154,15385.0;1988,200,13333.0;1988,160,16803.0;1988,201,8816.0;1988,65,49650.0;1988,259,21137.0;1988,34982,17932.0;1988,202,19972.0;1988,3,72762.0;1988,153,16092.0;1988,151,12269.0;1988,6,77095.0;1988,150,13907.0;1988,149,93333.0;1988,206,10080.0;1988,254,22222.0;1988,148,18625.0;1988,147,9520.0;1988,94,12460.0;1988,146,11154.0;1988,145,8000.0;1988,139,13193.0;1988,138,54641.0;1988,137,13955.0;1988,136,19531.0;1988,135,25921.0;1988,134,15707.0;1988,133,143115.0;1988,8,74646.0;1988,132,10478.0;1988,14,24096.0;1988,130,80324.0;1988,129,19030.0;1988,208,147778.0;1988,125,13440.0;1988,124,15811.0;1988,123,9221.0;1988,120,10333.0;1988,118,10289.0;1988,117,11718.0;1988,116,17778.0;1988,211,10000.0;1988,115,15012.0;1988,114,6608.0;1988,213,38447.0;1988,113,16289.0;1988,216,17857.0;1988,110,9031.0;1988,109,3220.0;1988,142,15967.0;1988,108,10434.0;1988,107,14845.0;1988,5,88889.0;1988,220,21595.0;1988,106,85504.0;1988,105,15500.0;1988,104,5120.0;1988,103,16401.0;1988,34984,12000.0;1988,101,13907.0;1988,100,11950.0;1988,99,16667.0;1988,98,19020.0;1988,97,19617.0;1988,96,11823.0;1988,11,51073.0;1988,95,25887.0;1988,93,11071.0;1988,127,47987.0;1988,245,45048.0;1988,92,27844.0;1988,91,18000.0;1988,230,30000.0;1988,232,17647.0;1988,90,17970.0;1988,89,11181.0;1988,87,11400.0;1988,82,12564.0;1988,81,16195.0;1988,9,64323.0;1988,141,10486.0;1988,5396,5000.0;1988,234,17092.0;1988,78,12870.0;1988,7,98803.0;1988,77,16320.0;1988,75,26176.0;1988,3897,12882.0;1988,74,11099.0;1988,73,28571.0;1988,70,40136.0;1988,68,12754.0;1988,64,12643.0;1988,13,53109.0;1988,63,15920.0;1988,270,36177.0;1988,221,5000.0;1988,238,19970.0;1988,84,15962.0;1988,61,12732.0;1988,34980,34069.0;1988,60,26874.0;1988,80,18066.0;1988,355,31001.0;1988,273,15071.0;1988,462,14935.0;1988,463,7205.0;1988,464,34925.0;1988,465,15780.0;1988,466,13483.0;1988,290,35583.0;1988,450,53173.0;1988,477,16453.0;1988,436,9871.0;1988,295,21112.0;1988,275,28888.0;1988,467,39807.0;1988,470,14096.0;1988,471,17434.0;1988,472,35305.0;1988,276,45779.0;1988,473,36319.0;1988,475,49028.0;1988,476,74392.0;1988,277,46661.0;1988,34981,48229.0;1988,478,13434.0;1988,34752,13878.0;1988,318,53615.0;1988,454,11702.0;1988,34987,15733.0;1988,5398,10159.0;1988,34988,14644.0;1988,34989,14507.0;1989,213,37363.0;1989,113,16929.0;1989,216,17857.0;1989,110,9934.0;1989,109,3300.0;1989,142,15796.0;1989,108,12688.0;1989,107,15988.0;1989,5,100000.0;1989,220,12976.0;1989,106,93340.0;1989,105,13568.0;1989,104,7080.0;1989,103,13950.0;1989,34984,12000.0;1989,101,13667.0;1989,100,12590.0;1989,99,22222.0;1989,98,19889.0;1989,97,20851.0;1989,96,12258.0;1989,11,47786.0;1989,95,31570.0;1989,93,10690.0;1989,226,150000.0;1989,127,48784.0;1989,245,65000.0;1989,92,24738.0;1989,91,11875.0;1989,230,33333.0;1989,232,20000.0;1989,90,16405.0;1989,89,14131.0;1989,87,11400.0;1989,82,11287.0;1989,81,28405.0;1989,9,63042.0;1989,141,10505.0;1989,5396,5000.0;1989,234,17383.0;1989,78,10188.0;1989,7,89810.0;1989,77,19651.0;1989,75,25690.0;1989,3897,12692.0;1989,74,10734.0;1989,73,28571.0;1989,70,39293.0;1989,68,14500.0;1989,64,15798.0;1989,13,72978.0;1989,63,12278.0;1989,270,37148.0;1989,221,5077.0;1989,238,20850.0;1989,84,16449.0;1989,61,13266.0;1989,34980,41310.0;1989,60,18078.0;1989,80,17079.0;1989,355,36186.0;1989,273,16927.0;1989,462,14591.0;1989,463,7046.0;1989,464,37936.0;1989,465,27204.0;1989,466,12287.0;1989,290,46901.0;1989,450,72619.0;1989,477,17130.0;1989,436,9415.0;1989,295,21137.0;1989,275,29492.0;1989,467,39337.0;1989,470,15970.0;1989,471,17905.0;1989,472,35661.0;1989,276,46930.0;1989,473,37170.0;1989,475,54227.0;1989,476,70241.0;1989,277,51467.0;1989,34981,53390.0;1989,478,12302.0;1989,34752,13600.0;1989,318,52846.0;1989,454,11886.0;1989,34987,14911.0;1989,5398,9543.0;1989,34988,15028.0;1989,34989,14743.0;1989,15,16963.0;1989,16,47969.0;1989,17,24000.0;1989,19,2358.0;1989,20,21429.0;1989,21,29103.0;1989,23,41909.0;1989,24,76800.0;1989,26,14000.0;1989,28,9417.0;1989,29,26190.0;1989,34978,77801.0;1989,31,15851.0;1989,32,8853.0;1989,33,7424.0;1989,34,14353.0;1989,36,3779.0;1989,37,20582.0;1989,39,40221.0;1989,40,11623.0;1989,41,13645.0;1989,18581,2738.0;1989,42,11020.0;1989,43,18640.0;1989,44,63512.0;1989,174,9410.0;1989,173,9831.0;1989,172,75288.0;1989,171,38813.0;1989,34845,38781.0;1989,34979,47043.0;1989,170,13749.0;1989,169,24035.0;1989,168,8243.0;1989,166,17284.0;1989,143,6993.0;1989,164,10390.0;1989,267,52657.0;1989,128,54286.0;1989,167,8140.0;1989,154,13333.0;1989,200,13333.0;1989,160,15892.0;1989,201,10917.0;1989,65,53804.0;1989,259,21301.0;1989,34982,16538.0;1989,202,12604.0;1989,3,68719.0;1989,153,14446.0;1989,151,13467.0;1989,6,75310.0;1989,150,12610.0;1989,149,99183.0;1989,206,10039.0;1989,254,20000.0;1989,148,20766.0;1989,147,9845.0;1989,94,9763.0;1989,146,11538.0;1989,145,8000.0;1989,139,14527.0;1989,138,63290.0;1989,137,16316.0;1989,136,21033.0;1989,135,24000.0;1989,134,22412.0;1989,133,147763.0;1989,8,79079.0;1989,132,11688.0;1989,14,25641.0;1989,130,94820.0;1989,129,18526.0;1989,208,101970.0;1989,125,14438.0;1989,124,16503.0;1989,123,10476.0;1989,120,10600.0;1989,118,10600.0;1989,117,11878.0;1989,116,17895.0;1989,211,10000.0;1989,115,12908.0;1989,114,6650.0;1990,15,17582.0;1990,16,36613.0;1990,17,16500.0;1990,19,2736.0;1990,20,23810.0;1990,21,34608.0;1990,23,41821.0;1990,24,81800.0;1990,26,15000.0;1990,28,10015.0;1990,29,26744.0;1990,34978,75999.0;1990,31,18965.0;1990,32,8954.0;1990,33,9524.0;1990,34,16658.0;1990,36,2899.0;1990,37,18735.0;1990,39,28771.0;1990,40,14612.0;1990,41,13540.0;1990,18581,3346.0;1990,42,19556.0;1990,43,18543.0;1990,44,68602.0;1990,174,7324.0;1990,173,9768.0;1990,172,81395.0;1990,171,45252.0;1990,34845,45240.0;1990,34979,48529.0;1990,170,14498.0;1990,169,23800.0;1990,168,5784.0;1990,166,16554.0;1990,143,11904.0;1990,164,8719.0;1990,267,34721.0;1990,128,58824.0;1990,167,8166.0;1990,154,16667.0;1990,200,13636.0;1990,160,16479.0;1990,201,10602.0;1990,65,57803.0;1990,259,21383.0;1990,34982,16087.0;1990,202,21081.0;1990,3,60186.0;1990,153,15768.0;1990,151,12041.0;1990,6,67762.0;1990,150,11889.0;1990,149,96965.0;1990,206,9923.0;1990,254,21000.0;1990,148,20052.0;1990,147,10179.0;1990,94,10678.0;1990,146,15666.0;1990,145,7951.0;1990,139,15188.0;1990,138,41577.0;1990,137,15178.0;1990,136,21323.0;1990,135,43333.0;1990,134,24814.0;1990,133,137935.0;1990,8,76375.0;1990,132,10588.0;1990,14,25457.0;1990,130,88905.0;1990,129,16591.0;1990,208,105455.0;1990,125,18153.0;1990,124,16910.0;1990,123,11000.0;1990,120,10000.0;1990,118,9848.0;1990,117,9993.0;1990,116,17500.0;1990,211,10000.0;1990,115,11566.0;1990,114,6789.0;1990,213,41790.0;1990,113,19942.0;1990,216,18667.0;1990,110,11598.0;1990,109,4480.0;1990,142,14950.0;1990,108,14871.0;1990,107,16246.0;1990,5,90909.0;1990,220,24018.0;1990,106,92077.0;1990,105,12825.0;1990,104,3139.0;1990,103,11301.0;1990,34984,12381.0;1990,101,14014.0;1990,100,12804.0;1990,99,25000.0;1990,98,21991.0;1990,97,19532.0;1990,96,13358.0;1990,11,49126.0;1990,95,30334.0;1990,93,10800.0;1990,226,135000.0;1990,127,46126.0;1990,245,43458.0;1990,92,27606.0;1990,91,10252.0;1990,230,35714.0;1990,232,19286.0;1990,90,17992.0;1990,89,11411.0;1990,87,10885.0;1990,82,11455.0;1990,81,22051.0;1990,9,64256.0;1990,141,11227.0;1990,5396,4909.0;1990,234,21575.0;1990,78,12403.0;1990,7,85102.0;1990,77,32540.0;1990,75,24090.0;1990,3897,13275.0;1990,74,9653.0;1990,73,43626.0;1990,70,40803.0;1990,68,15012.0;1990,64,14988.0;1990,13,74380.0;1990,63,18510.0;1990,270,34836.0;1990,221,5109.0;1990,238,21680.0;1990,84,15540.0;1990,61,12738.0;1990,34980,30165.0;1990,60,14316.0;1990,80,17206.0;1990,355,36907.0;1990,273,15116.0;1990,462,13531.0;1990,463,7528.0;1990,464,41717.0;1990,465,21278.0;1990,466,11184.0;1990,290,48706.0;1990,450,74169.0;1990,477,19542.0;1990,436,9043.0;1990,295,20384.0;1990,275,33160.0;1990,467,45669.0;1990,470,15299.0;1990,471,18053.0;1990,472,37375.0;1990,276,42029.0;1990,473,33082.0;1990,475,46815.0;1990,476,63598.0;1990,277,52503.0;1990,34981,54451.0;1990,478,16624.0;1990,34752,14038.0;1990,318,48132.0;1990,454,11457.0;1990,34987,14210.0;1990,5398,9714.0;1990,34988,14240.0;1990,34989,14785.0;1991,213,37193.0;1991,113,20515.0;1991,222,12334.0;1991,216,19070.0;1991,110,8700.0;1991,109,3241.0;1991,142,15408.0;1991,108,11950.0;1991,107,15976.0;1991,5,80357.0;1991,220,52329.0;1991,106,96287.0;1991,105,10228.0;1991,104,6629.0;1991,103,11299.0;1991,101,14196.0;1991,100,14388.0;1991,99,25000.0;1991,98,16501.0;1991,97,19213.0;1991,96,12969.0;1991,11,48468.0;1991,95,30471.0;1991,93,11494.0;1991,226,121818.0;1991,127,34107.0;1991,245,60318.0;1991,92,40766.0;1991,91,11556.0;1991,230,33333.0;1991,232,21176.0;1991,90,21166.0;1991,89,11324.0;1991,87,9091.0;1991,82,10000.0;1991,81,22573.0;1991,9,66692.0;1991,141,11916.0;1991,5396,4880.0;1991,234,22289.0;1991,78,10105.0;1991,7,82986.0;1991,77,40675.0;1991,75,27117.0;1991,3897,13921.0;1991,74,9060.0;1991,73,31647.0;1991,70,42489.0;1991,68,13500.0;1991,72,201163.0;1991,64,12616.0;1991,13,68172.0;1991,63,17800.0;1991,270,32934.0;1991,221,4858.0;1991,238,22866.0;1991,84,15013.0;1991,61,11984.0;1991,34980,53356.0;1991,60,17140.0;1991,80,14400.0;1991,355,36967.0;1991,273,14927.0;1991,462,12681.0;1991,463,8141.0;1991,464,40000.0;1991,465,21728.0;1991,466,11629.0;1991,290,45076.0;1991,450,68131.0;1991,477,19559.0;1991,436,8921.0;1991,295,20611.0;1991,275,33718.0;1991,467,46350.0;1991,470,14261.0;1991,471,18315.0;1991,472,38496.0;1991,276,52904.0;1991,473,42688.0;1991,475,60355.0;1991,476,73378.0;1991,277,54049.0;1991,34981,55827.0;1991,478,14973.0;1991,34752,13222.0;1991,318,59897.0;1991,454,10816.0;1991,34987,14022.0;1991,5398,9894.0;1991,34988,13733.0;1991,34989,14480.0;1991,15,16800.0;1991,16,29068.0;1991,17,19231.0;1991,19,4013.0;1991,20,18333.0;1991,21,40444.0;1991,23,39938.0;1991,24,84800.0;1991,26,16667.0;1991,28,9781.0;1991,29,26250.0;1991,34978,75002.0;1991,31,28436.0;1991,32,9281.0;1991,33,10461.0;1991,34,15285.0;1991,36,3962.0;1991,37,18084.0;1991,39,49551.0;1991,40,16868.0;1991,41,13887.0;1991,18581,2529.0;1991,42,12000.0;1991,43,19800.0;1991,44,67098.0;1991,174,8149.0;1991,173,9846.0;1991,172,83916.0;1991,171,45799.0;1991,34845,45783.0;1991,34979,50474.0;1991,170,15498.0;1991,169,23361.0;1991,168,5984.0;1991,166,16254.0;1991,143,12533.0;1991,164,8027.0;1991,267,51778.0;1991,128,65319.0;1991,167,8100.0;1991,154,16413.0;1991,200,13386.0;1991,160,16221.0;1991,201,10938.0;1991,65,58951.0;1991,259,16448.0;1991,34982,12214.0;1991,202,12010.0;1991,3,72771.0;1991,253,7000.0;1991,153,16912.0;1991,151,11797.0;1991,6,68432.0;1991,150,15260.0;1991,149,101042.0;1991,206,11132.0;1991,254,16507.0;1991,148,18442.0;1991,147,10527.0;1991,94,11386.0;1991,146,13742.0;1991,145,8085.0;1991,139,13185.0;1991,138,67100.0;1991,137,13763.0;1991,136,21505.0;1991,135,45000.0;1991,134,21857.0;1991,133,138504.0;1991,8,72624.0;1991,132,11667.0;1991,14,24920.0;1991,130,142455.0;1991,129,18321.0;1991,208,130000.0;1991,125,20065.0;1991,124,17467.0;1991,123,5408.0;1991,120,11735.0;1991,118,9667.0;1991,117,11419.0;1991,116,17500.0;1991,211,10000.0;1991,115,13824.0;1991,114,5966.0;1992,15,15000.0;1992,16,24876.0;1992,17,22828.0;1992,19,3778.0;1992,20,17184.0;1992,21,45237.0;1992,22,32344.0;1992,23,51721.0;1992,24,64800.0;1992,25,19364.0;1992,26,16667.0;1992,28,9319.0;1992,29,25714.0;1992,30,30000.0;1992,34978,88000.0;1992,31,22200.0;1992,32,9771.0;1992,33,10000.0;1992,34,17534.0;1992,35,39873.0;1992,36,1899.0;1992,37,22828.0;1992,39,28128.0;1992,40,15238.0;1992,41,14218.0;1992,18581,3021.0;1992,42,12500.0;1992,43,13974.0;1992,44,56927.0;1992,174,9038.0;1992,173,12686.0;1992,172,84884.0;1992,171,45347.0;1992,34845,45327.0;1992,34979,50991.0;1992,170,15175.0;1992,169,23182.0;1992,168,6041.0;1992,166,16677.0;1992,143,13195.0;1992,165,41535.0;1992,164,8184.0;1992,267,43124.0;1992,128,57733.0;1992,167,8120.0;1992,154,16453.0;1992,200,13384.0;1992,160,12772.0;1992,201,10548.0;1992,65,61346.0;1992,259,21989.0;1992,34982,15275.0;1992,202,21614.0;1992,3,79637.0;1992,253,7000.0;1992,153,15397.0;1992,151,15138.0;1992,152,25346.0;1992,6,72348.0;1992,150,12040.0;1992,149,99762.0;1992,206,10212.0;1992,254,16840.0;1992,148,18831.0;1992,147,10885.0;1992,94,9518.0;1992,146,12075.0;1992,145,7948.0;1992,139,12942.0;1992,138,36501.0;1992,137,16758.0;1992,136,22030.0;1992,135,44444.0;1992,134,20046.0;1992,133,134952.0;1992,8,86597.0;1992,132,14225.0;1992,14,25180.0;1992,130,224503.0;1992,131,31409.0;1992,129,17271.0;1992,208,180000.0;1992,126,51316.0;1992,125,18266.0;1992,124,18715.0;1992,123,5792.0;1992,120,11929.0;1992,119,21208.0;1992,118,8125.0;1992,117,4802.0;1992,116,17143.0;1992,211,10000.0;1992,115,10050.0;1992,114,7684.0;1992,213,44333.0;1992,113,23450.0;1992,222,12390.0;1992,216,18750.0;1992,110,4753.0;1992,109,1587.0;1992,142,15186.0;1992,108,5953.0;1992,107,16647.0;1992,5,80256.0;1992,220,49703.0;1992,106,91196.0;1992,105,13129.0;1992,104,5000.0;1992,103,11181.0;1992,101,13644.0;1992,100,13272.0;1992,99,29579.0;1992,98,17430.0;1992,97,18858.0;1992,96,13265.0;1992,11,36699.0;1992,95,34954.0;1992,93,10698.0;1992,226,124583.0;1992,127,43906.0;1992,111,24485.0;1992,245,60385.0;1992,92,20469.0;1992,12,26843.0;1992,91,12250.0;1992,230,34587.0;1992,232,22222.0;1992,90,20733.0;1992,89,10907.0;1992,268,29769.0;1992,87,8182.0;1992,83,28150.0;1992,82,9378.0;1992,81,7853.0;1992,9,70170.0;1992,141,10390.0;1992,5396,4250.0;1992,234,18706.0;1992,78,15435.0;1992,7,85708.0;1992,77,38868.0;1992,76,29613.0;1992,75,29709.0;1992,66,29759.0;1992,3897,14095.0;1992,74,10140.0;1992,73,31818.0;1992,70,42427.0;1992,69,36977.0;1992,68,15000.0;1992,67,25072.0;1992,72,199458.0;1992,64,11668.0;1992,13,82526.0;1992,63,15613.0;1992,62,37226.0;1992,221,4898.0;1992,238,22560.0;1992,84,15646.0;1992,61,14991.0;1992,60,7311.0;1992,80,4108.0;1992,355,39009.0;1992,273,11359.0;1992,462,10033.0;1992,463,7765.0;1992,464,38100.0;1992,465,7878.0;1992,466,11269.0;1992,290,54038.0;1992,450,81795.0;1992,477,22187.0;1992,436,8605.0;1992,295,25202.0;1992,275,33591.0;1992,469,37201.0;1992,467,45712.0;1992,470,16460.0;1992,471,19162.0;1992,472,36015.0;1992,276,42034.0;1992,473,25797.0;1992,474,21208.0;1992,475,52005.0;1992,476,77750.0;1992,277,59990.0;1992,34981,61857.0;1992,478,18280.0;1992,34752,13335.0;1992,318,47767.0;1992,454,9582.0;1992,34987,12142.0;1992,5398,9369.0;1992,34988,13581.0;1992,34989,13484.0;1993,213,42430.0;1993,113,24401.0;1993,222,12326.0;1993,216,22554.0;1993,110,2065.0;1993,109,6332.0;1993,142,15342.0;1993,108,7764.0;1993,107,15984.0;1993,5,90962.0;1993,220,39467.0;1993,106,83579.0;1993,105,13037.0;1993,104,7628.0;1993,103,11848.0;1993,101,13808.0;1993,100,14018.0;1993,99,30769.0;1993,98,17631.0;1993,97,21634.0;1993,96,15235.0;1993,11,53160.0;1993,95,37511.0;1993,93,17328.0;1993,226,126667.0;1993,127,41844.0;1993,111,38660.0;1993,245,59780.0;1993,92,26054.0;1993,12,31022.0;1993,91,17400.0;1993,230,35659.0;1993,232,21959.0;1993,90,21725.0;1993,89,12694.0;1993,268,28812.0;1993,87,8268.0;1993,85,46160.0;1993,83,40210.0;1993,82,9875.0;1993,81,22840.0;1993,9,61736.0;1993,141,9712.0;1993,5396,4938.0;1993,234,20000.0;1993,78,13785.0;1993,7,91806.0;1993,77,36157.0;1993,76,30455.0;1993,75,27331.0;1993,66,22613.0;1993,3897,18000.0;1993,74,11599.0;1993,73,33333.0;1993,70,45455.0;1993,69,42800.0;1993,68,15984.0;1993,67,28445.0;1993,72,196867.0;1993,64,12512.0;1993,13,63211.0;1993,63,19631.0;1993,62,38438.0;1993,221,4939.0;1993,238,28917.0;1993,84,17768.0;1993,61,16051.0;1993,60,25228.0;1993,80,16251.0;1993,355,36295.0;1993,273,15557.0;1993,462,14799.0;1993,463,6823.0;1993,464,38089.0;1993,465,22195.0;1993,466,12050.0;1993,290,44337.0;1993,450,63250.0;1993,477,22949.0;1993,436,8543.0;1993,295,27283.0;1993,275,36203.0;1993,469,37727.0;1993,467,50017.0;1993,470,15897.0;1993,471,19677.0;1993,472,36854.0;1993,276,44691.0;1993,473,29127.0;1993,474,20903.0;1993,475,52436.0;1993,476,81282.0;1993,277,52575.0;1993,34981,54554.0;1993,478,16643.0;1993,34752,13329.0;1993,318,50964.0;1993,454,12158.0;1993,34987,18351.0;1993,5398,9816.0;1993,34988,14800.0;1993,34989,15169.0;1993,15,16786.0;1993,16,24185.0;1993,17,12500.0;1993,19,2627.0;1993,20,16955.0;1993,21,43552.0;1993,22,32261.0;1993,23,44261.0;1993,24,89710.0;1993,25,14100.0;1993,26,16000.0;1993,28,9351.0;1993,29,26667.0;1993,30,12000.0;1993,34978,88600.0;1993,31,20864.0;1993,32,9778.0;1993,33,11111.0;1993,34,18658.0;1993,35,40000.0;1993,36,1353.0;1993,37,25321.0;1993,39,18609.0;1993,40,13722.0;1993,41,14342.0;1993,18581,3591.0;1993,42,10583.0;1993,43,11267.0;1993,44,64241.0;1993,174,9038.0;1993,173,8383.0;1993,172,84890.0;1993,171,49642.0;1993,34845,49630.0;1993,34979,52840.0;1993,170,15465.0;1993,169,23003.0;1993,168,6028.0;1993,166,18789.0;1993,143,13892.0;1993,165,44801.0;1993,164,7252.0;1993,162,48746.0;1993,128,62691.0;1993,167,8257.0;1993,154,16500.0;1993,200,13333.0;1993,160,14235.0;1993,201,11600.0;1993,65,60780.0;1993,259,20482.0;1993,157,2308.0;1993,158,17364.0;1993,202,9223.0;1993,3,80449.0;1993,253,7000.0;1993,153,15835.0;1993,151,16264.0;1993,152,23058.0;1993,6,80227.0;1993,150,15092.0;1993,149,98868.0;1993,206,9897.0;1993,254,17174.0;1993,148,18506.0;1993,147,11255.0;1993,94,9340.0;1993,146,12069.0;1993,145,8077.0;1993,139,13694.0;1993,138,35000.0;1993,137,16015.0;1993,136,21975.0;1993,135,39084.0;1993,134,19310.0;1993,133,127635.0;1993,8,86612.0;1993,132,15115.0;1993,14,25000.0;1993,130,108296.0;1993,131,32659.0;1993,129,15549.0;1993,208,180000.0;1993,126,45160.0;1993,125,17536.0;1993,124,18919.0;1993,123,8875.0;1993,120,12159.0;1993,119,20903.0;1993,118,8972.0;1993,117,15327.0;1993,116,19000.0;1993,211,10000.0;1993,115,11029.0;1993,114,12291.0;1994,15,16667.0;1994,16,25848.0;1994,17,4512.0;1994,19,2463.0;1994,20,16742.0;1994,21,42371.0;1994,22,32667.0;1994,23,46620.0;1994,24,79160.0;1994,25,14300.0;1994,26,17931.0;1994,28,9042.0;1994,29,26000.0;1994,30,5000.0;1994,34978,80000.0;1994,31,19218.0;1994,32,10228.0;1994,33,12949.0;1994,34,18107.0;1994,35,40000.0;1994,36,1698.0;1994,37,23629.0;1994,39,28056.0;1994,40,16042.0;1994,41,12276.0;1994,18581,2503.0;1994,42,12162.0;1994,43,11644.0;1994,44,73748.0;1994,174,8500.0;1994,173,12426.0;1994,172,89381.0;1994,171,46951.0;1994,34845,46935.0;1994,34979,51481.0;1994,170,15671.0;1994,169,22824.0;1994,168,6239.0;1994,166,19060.0;1994,143,14627.0;1994,165,45531.0;1994,164,9482.0;1994,162,33896.0;1994,128,55596.0;1994,167,8266.0;1994,154,16556.0;1994,200,13401.0;1994,160,10075.0;1994,201,11049.0;1994,65,59065.0;1994,259,15245.0;1994,157,7689.0;1994,158,11235.0;1994,202,24164.0;1994,3,77919.0;1994,253,7000.0;1994,153,16503.0;1994,151,12624.0;1994,152,25950.0;1994,6,70786.0;1994,150,14933.0;1994,149,97914.0;1994,206,9914.0;1994,254,17508.0;1994,148,19569.0;1994,147,11639.0;1994,94,9328.0;1994,146,11786.0;1994,145,8014.0;1994,139,13837.0;1994,138,38500.0;1994,137,14480.0;1994,136,22091.0;1994,135,63678.0;1994,134,21333.0;1994,133,103609.0;1994,8,82235.0;1994,132,13594.0;1994,14,24852.0;1994,130,140243.0;1994,131,22435.0;1994,129,20400.0;1994,208,180741.0;1994,126,35328.0;1994,125,19882.0;1994,124,20288.0;1994,123,8629.0;1994,120,11485.0;1994,119,20598.0;1994,118,9451.0;1994,117,9209.0;1994,116,20000.0;1994,211,10000.0;1994,115,11347.0;1994,114,4987.0;1994,213,37288.0;1994,113,22255.0;1994,222,12328.0;1994,216,24756.0;1994,110,6261.0;1994,109,5207.0;1994,142,17062.0;1994,108,11549.0;1994,107,16502.0;1994,5,74865.0;1994,220,42857.0;1994,106,97143.0;1994,105,12367.0;1994,104,7279.0;1994,103,12720.0;1994,101,14818.0;1994,100,14583.0;1994,99,34053.0;1994,98,21140.0;1994,97,20891.0;1994,96,15035.0;1994,11,37503.0;1994,95,40990.0;1994,93,14103.0;1994,226,124074.0;1994,127,40882.0;1994,111,22205.0;1994,245,61852.0;1994,92,31317.0;1994,12,17020.0;1994,91,16750.0;1994,230,36916.0;1994,232,22632.0;1994,90,19523.0;1994,89,10133.0;1994,268,34047.0;1994,87,8958.0;1994,85,41358.0;1994,83,63200.0;1994,82,4149.0;1994,81,28481.0;1994,9,68566.0;1994,141,10032.0;1994,5396,4800.0;1994,234,20651.0;1994,78,12733.0;1994,7,90214.0;1994,77,36734.0;1994,76,18000.0;1994,75,29341.0;1994,66,31183.0;1994,3897,18823.0;1994,74,9306.0;1994,73,31388.0;1994,70,38181.0;1994,69,34091.0;1994,68,15098.0;1994,67,23614.0;1994,72,190244.0;1994,64,12351.0;1994,13,86997.0;1994,63,16279.0;1994,62,34020.0;1994,221,4979.0;1994,238,28465.0;1994,84,21393.0;1994,61,15855.0;1994,60,15025.0;1994,80,16601.0;1994,355,41236.0;1994,273,16307.0;1994,462,13047.0;1994,463,7410.0;1994,464,41573.0;1994,465,27127.0;1994,466,12595.0;1994,290,55884.0;1994,450,86580.0;1994,477,21241.0;1994,436,8690.0;1994,295,25679.0;1994,275,34509.0;1994,469,29246.0;1994,467,47197.0;1994,470,15236.0;1994,471,20492.0;1994,472,33804.0;1994,276,46120.0;1994,473,30340.0;1994,474,20598.0;1994,475,54706.0;1994,476,77065.0;1994,277,57133.0;1994,34981,59321.0;1994,478,20494.0;1994,34752,13452.0;1994,318,52120.0;1994,454,10396.0;1994,34987,14731.0;1994,5398,9895.0;1994,34988,14077.0;1994,34989,14463.0;1995,213,38533.0;1995,113,22883.0;1995,222,12000.0;1995,216,27016.0;1995,110,1303.0;1995,109,6794.0;1995,142,17034.0;1995,108,8768.0;1995,107,16447.0;1995,5,70444.0;1995,220,40000.0;1995,106,97423.0;1995,105,11868.0;1995,104,8173.0;1995,103,12666.0;1995,101,16017.0;1995,100,15189.0;1995,99,35714.0;1995,98,24660.0;1995,97,19593.0;1995,96,15334.0;1995,11,49586.0;1995,95,43211.0;1995,93,15000.0;1995,226,125806.0;1995,127,42452.0;1995,111,29757.0;1995,245,76959.0;1995,92,31915.0;1995,12,27613.0;1995,91,11200.0;1995,230,38727.0;1995,232,22222.0;1995,90,19522.0;1995,89,10881.0;1995,268,42478.0;1995,87,10122.0;1995,85,48957.0;1995,83,63380.0;1995,82,8304.0;1995,81,13800.0;1995,9,72459.0;1995,141,9695.0;1995,5396,5747.0;1995,234,18162.0;1995,78,22065.0;1995,7,86208.0;1995,77,35975.0;1995,76,19372.0;1995,75,32887.0;1995,66,39019.0;1995,3897,18355.0;1995,74,8553.0;1995,73,30380.0;1995,70,37322.0;1995,69,34700.0;1995,68,15989.0;1995,67,29207.0;1995,72,190476.0;1995,64,21012.0;1995,13,71230.0;1995,63,24528.0;1995,62,35000.0;1995,221,5020.0;1995,238,28100.0;1995,84,21142.0;1995,61,13627.0;1995,60,14185.0;1995,80,5960.0;1995,355,38092.0;1995,273,13959.0;1995,462,13507.0;1995,463,8154.0;1995,464,39698.0;1995,465,13781.0;1995,466,12652.0;1995,290,47738.0;1995,450,71278.0;1995,477,21993.0;1995,436,9148.0;1995,295,27907.0;1995,275,36057.0;1995,469,28299.0;1995,467,48352.0;1995,470,16416.0;1995,471,21503.0;1995,472,32929.0;1995,276,49101.0;1995,473,33858.0;1995,474,20293.0;1995,475,61198.0;1995,476,77347.0;1995,277,58412.0;1995,34981,60423.0;1995,478,22552.0;1995,34752,13295.0;1995,318,55033.0;1995,454,12469.0;1995,34987,14435.0;1995,5398,10212.0;1995,34988,13895.0;1995,34989,15780.0;1995,15,16563.0;1995,16,31300.0;1995,17,16115.0;1995,19,3517.0;1995,20,16071.0;1995,21,45223.0;1995,22,18261.0;1995,23,48263.0;1995,24,85010.0;1995,25,11810.0;1995,26,17931.0;1995,28,10700.0;1995,29,27500.0;1995,30,24545.0;1995,34978,75561.0;1995,31,17842.0;1995,32,11737.0;1995,33,14188.0;1995,34,18526.0;1995,35,40000.0;1995,36,9477.0;1995,37,26005.0;1995,39,38237.0;1995,40,11441.0;1995,41,12752.0;1995,18581,2629.0;1995,42,12191.0;1995,43,15450.0;1995,44,72528.0;1995,174,8500.0;1995,173,8831.0;1995,172,91000.0;1995,171,49176.0;1995,34845,49168.0;1995,34979,51613.0;1995,170,15537.0;1995,169,22644.0;1995,168,7631.0;1995,166,18565.0;1995,143,15400.0;1995,165,49005.0;1995,164,10533.0;1995,162,42840.0;1995,128,20388.0;1995,167,7866.0;1995,154,16667.0;1995,200,13430.0;1995,160,12553.0;1995,201,10890.0;1995,65,61630.0;1995,259,21972.0;1995,157,3366.0;1995,158,13590.0;1995,202,25714.0;1995,3,77172.0;1995,253,7073.0;1995,153,15471.0;1995,151,12921.0;1995,152,28461.0;1995,6,73664.0;1995,150,15020.0;1995,149,100762.0;1995,206,9833.0;1995,254,17841.0;1995,148,19436.0;1995,147,12036.0;1995,94,10027.0;1995,146,13292.0;1995,145,8000.0;1995,139,16396.0;1995,138,45295.0;1995,137,15946.0;1995,136,22580.0;1995,135,45417.0;1995,134,14286.0;1995,133,91698.0;1995,8,89695.0;1995,132,13375.0;1995,14,25000.0;1995,130,126529.0;1995,131,19373.0;1995,129,18759.0;1995,208,180571.0;1995,126,32072.0;1995,125,17304.0;1995,124,23269.0;1995,123,8126.0;1995,120,12396.0;1995,119,20293.0;1995,118,9628.0;1995,117,13517.0;1995,116,18696.0;1995,211,10000.0;1995,115,12843.0;1995,114,7996.0;1996,15,16364.0;1996,16,32604.0;1996,17,17154.0;1996,19,6993.0;1996,20,16440.0;1996,21,40397.0;1996,22,22239.0;1996,23,57689.0;1996,24,86200.0;1996,25,11439.0;1996,26,17931.0;1996,28,10166.0;1996,29,26667.0;1996,30,23000.0;1996,34978,77900.0;1996,31,25032.0;1996,32,10818.0;1996,33,16000.0;1996,34,18011.0;1996,35,40000.0;1996,36,2463.0;1996,37,26970.0;1996,39,21810.0;1996,40,15521.0;1996,41,13133.0;1996,18581,3172.0;1996,42,13740.0;1996,43,18750.0;1996,44,69141.0;1996,174,8500.0;1996,173,8911.0;1996,172,94453.0;1996,171,52039.0;1996,34845,52033.0;1996,34979,54109.0;1996,170,16293.0;1996,169,22448.0;1996,168,7725.0;1996,166,15757.0;1996,143,16214.0;1996,165,52192.0;1996,164,11692.0;1996,162,50927.0;1996,128,14007.0;1996,167,7994.0;1996,154,16816.0;1996,200,13460.0;1996,160,12893.0;1996,201,10745.0;1996,65,69523.0;1996,259,22572.0;1996,157,3974.0;1996,158,16826.0;1996,202,25000.0;1996,3,83817.0;1996,253,7073.0;1996,153,15802.0;1996,151,12195.0;1996,152,34840.0;1996,6,78254.0;1996,150,15153.0;1996,149,99061.0;1996,206,10000.0;1996,254,18175.0;1996,148,18201.0;1996,147,12446.0;1996,94,9353.0;1996,146,11481.0;1996,145,7940.0;1996,139,16180.0;1996,138,56867.0;1996,137,17094.0;1996,136,24862.0;1996,135,62275.0;1996,134,20833.0;1996,133,116140.0;1996,8,93328.0;1996,132,13741.0;1996,14,24510.0;1996,130,137307.0;1996,131,16790.0;1996,129,14506.0;1996,208,179160.0;1996,126,39176.0;1996,125,20892.0;1996,124,23461.0;1996,123,12490.0;1996,120,10526.0;1996,119,19989.0;1996,118,9299.0;1996,117,14433.0;1996,116,18000.0;1996,115,15845.0;1996,114,5871.0;1996,213,48667.0;1996,113,22387.0;1996,222,12239.0;1996,216,29319.0;1996,110,9274.0;1996,109,9395.0;1996,142,17323.0;1996,108,6835.0;1996,107,16770.0;1996,5,80000.0;1996,220,39822.0;1996,106,112991.0;1996,105,11620.0;1996,104,7600.0;1996,103,13261.0;1996,101,16067.0;1996,100,14708.0;1996,99,43463.0;1996,98,20150.0;1996,97,25267.0;1996,96,15175.0;1996,11,50725.0;1996,95,46093.0;1996,93,15957.0;1996,226,125692.0;1996,127,40299.0;1996,111,28987.0;1996,245,77001.0;1996,92,29319.0;1996,12,17483.0;1996,91,11099.0;1996,230,33333.0;1996,232,22500.0;1996,90,19583.0;1996,89,10438.0;1996,268,37297.0;1996,87,9889.0;1996,85,57527.0;1996,83,63000.0;1996,82,6202.0;1996,81,27043.0;1996,9,85308.0;1996,141,10669.0;1996,5396,6494.0;1996,234,22267.0;1996,78,17766.0;1996,7,88366.0;1996,77,45195.0;1996,76,37520.0;1996,75,34478.0;1996,66,33885.0;1996,3897,18346.0;1996,74,9404.0;1996,73,29292.0;1996,70,36396.0;1996,69,7400.0;1996,68,12997.0;1996,67,27365.0;1996,72,186364.0;1996,64,17861.0;1996,13,79777.0;1996,63,21712.0;1996,62,34250.0;1996,221,5061.0;1996,238,28233.0;1996,84,24979.0;1996,61,12434.0;1996,60,20864.0;1996,80,16997.0;1996,355,42223.0;1996,273,17316.0;1996,462,15294.0;1996,463,9571.0;1996,464,50499.0;1996,465,25622.0;1996,466,13170.0;1996,290,53936.0;1996,450,79396.0;1996,477,21509.0;1996,436,9599.0;1996,295,28189.0;1996,275,38494.0;1996,469,26874.0;1996,467,51141.0;1996,470,17447.0;1996,471,23003.0;1996,472,34773.0;1996,276,50855.0;1996,473,32678.0;1996,474,19989.0;1996,475,62468.0;1996,476,83151.0;1996,277,69098.0;1996,34981,71392.0;1996,478,25672.0;1996,34752,13589.0;1996,318,57762.0;1996,454,13444.0;1996,34987,16993.0;1996,5398,10786.0;1996,34988,14754.0;1996,34989,16535.0;1997,213,50435.0;1997,113,23840.0;1997,222,12274.0;1997,216,31648.0;1997,110,10984.0;1997,109,9033.0;1997,142,18855.0;1997,108,15727.0;1997,107,16585.0;1997,5,50394.0;1997,220,39905.0;1997,106,99487.0;1997,105,11374.0;1997,104,7333.0;1997,103,12510.0;1997,101,16259.0;1997,100,20565.0;1997,99,60000.0;1997,98,27483.0;1997,97,20008.0;1997,96,15894.0;1997,11,54026.0;1997,95,49110.0;1997,93,17083.0;1997,226,125694.0;1997,127,41126.0;1997,111,39998.0;1997,245,78000.0;1997,92,41764.0;1997,12,31633.0;1997,91,10908.0;1997,230,43760.0;1997,232,22222.0;1997,90,17531.0;1997,89,9695.0;1997,268,50798.0;1997,87,9400.0;1997,85,59479.0;1997,83,74811.0;1997,82,7095.0;1997,81,25195.0;1997,9,91501.0;1997,141,9959.0;1997,5396,6500.0;1997,234,22833.0;1997,78,19218.0;1997,7,95584.0;1997,77,54823.0;1997,76,27501.0;1997,75,31982.0;1997,66,39154.0;1997,3897,15770.0;1997,74,10676.0;1997,73,28157.0;1997,70,38247.0;1997,69,2944.0;1997,68,12375.0;1997,67,32628.0;1997,72,186667.0;1997,64,11708.0;1997,13,79522.0;1997,63,26444.0;1997,62,28701.0;1997,221,5101.0;1997,238,28313.0;1997,84,24900.0;1997,61,13242.0;1997,60,14794.0;1997,80,13366.0;1997,355,41489.0;1997,273,16301.0;1997,462,13020.0;1997,463,9510.0;1997,464,50443.0;1997,465,24114.0;1997,466,12961.0;1997,290,53890.0;1997,450,79151.0;1997,477,22312.0;1997,436,9919.0;1997,295,29144.0;1997,275,33965.0;1997,469,25775.0;1997,467,43233.0;1997,470,17707.0;1997,471,23181.0;1997,472,35496.0;1997,276,58286.0;1997,473,41945.0;1997,474,19684.0;1997,475,70296.0;1997,476,90358.0;1997,277,66942.0;1997,34981,68439.0;1997,478,30143.0;1997,34752,13720.0;1997,318,67520.0;1997,454,12013.0;1997,34987,16375.0;1997,5398,10663.0;1997,34988,14062.0;1997,34989,15686.0;1997,15,15000.0;1997,16,31862.0;1997,17,21417.0;1997,19,5959.0;1997,20,16377.0;1997,21,45557.0;1997,22,45548.0;1997,23,59403.0;1997,24,97800.0;1997,25,20611.0;1997,26,17400.0;1997,28,10914.0;1997,29,26000.0;1997,30,20333.0;1997,34978,102507.0;1997,31,22137.0;1997,32,12020.0;1997,33,17000.0;1997,34,15060.0;1997,35,40136.0;1997,36,2867.0;1997,37,26228.0;1997,39,35782.0;1997,40,15185.0;1997,41,12608.0;1997,18581,1469.0;1997,42,12427.0;1997,43,20267.0;1997,44,68702.0;1997,174,9178.0;1997,173,9566.0;1997,172,82417.0;1997,171,43902.0;1997,34845,43874.0;1997,34979,54589.0;1997,170,17054.0;1997,169,21765.0;1997,168,7732.0;1997,166,19133.0;1997,143,17070.0;1997,165,58802.0;1997,164,12735.0;1997,162,69250.0;1997,128,16844.0;1997,167,8178.0;1997,154,17032.0;1997,200,13491.0;1997,160,11770.0;1997,201,11999.0;1997,65,71298.0;1997,259,16582.0;1997,157,2495.0;1997,158,17381.0;1997,202,30769.0;1997,3,90592.0;1997,253,7073.0;1997,153,15484.0;1997,151,11693.0;1997,152,29230.0;1997,6,86266.0;1997,150,15285.0;1997,149,104057.0;1997,206,10000.0;1997,254,18509.0;1997,148,14942.0;1997,147,12870.0;1997,94,10000.0;1997,146,30385.0;1997,145,7986.0;1997,139,15591.0;1997,138,64480.0;1997,137,17111.0;1997,136,26141.0;1997,135,69069.0;1997,134,19836.0;1997,133,137319.0;1997,8,96270.0;1997,132,11568.0;1997,14,24771.0;1997,130,116255.0;1997,131,18136.0;1997,129,14713.0;1997,208,184167.0;1997,126,44534.0;1997,125,20605.0;1997,124,31111.0;1997,123,9857.0;1997,120,17500.0;1997,119,19684.0;1997,118,9368.0;1997,117,10959.0;1997,116,18462.0;1997,211,14209.0;1997,115,16965.0;1997,114,8627.0;1998,15,16500.0;1998,16,33416.0;1998,17,17222.0;1998,19,7396.0;1998,20,16336.0;1998,21,60780.0;1998,22,26082.0;1998,23,47544.0;1998,24,96140.0;1998,25,26369.0;1998,26,19842.0;1998,28,7339.0;1998,29,26000.0;1998,30,26522.0;1998,34978,95475.0;1998,31,26221.0;1998,32,11143.0;1998,33,17000.0;1998,34,18192.0;1998,35,38641.0;1998,36,910.0;1998,37,27964.0;1998,39,26827.0;1998,40,13919.0;1998,41,11463.0;1998,18581,1415.0;1998,42,12171.0;1998,43,18911.0;1998,44,80054.0;1998,174,9733.0;1998,173,14068.0;1998,172,94006.0;1998,171,52686.0;1998,34845,52678.0;1998,34979,57234.0;1998,170,16598.0;1998,169,19354.0;1998,168,7825.0;1998,166,17459.0;1998,143,17973.0;1998,165,52474.0;1998,164,13039.0;1998,162,60948.0;1998,128,28060.0;1998,167,8319.0;1998,154,17248.0;1998,200,13524.0;1998,160,11993.0;1998,201,10743.0;1998,65,72257.0;1998,259,19062.0;1998,157,7532.0;1998,158,16175.0;1998,202,25794.0;1998,3,84525.0;1998,253,7073.0;1998,153,15704.0;1998,151,14340.0;1998,152,20553.0;1998,6,81561.0;1998,150,14850.0;1998,149,88279.0;1998,206,10046.0;1998,254,18842.0;1998,148,16994.0;1998,147,13308.0;1998,94,10000.0;1998,146,15632.0;1998,145,7900.0;1998,139,10557.0;1998,138,60049.0;1998,137,17969.0;1998,136,26526.0;1998,135,60400.0;1998,134,21803.0;1998,133,147069.0;1998,8,93217.0;1998,132,11436.0;1998,14,24468.0;1998,130,89292.0;1998,131,26780.0;1998,129,16697.0;1998,208,203750.0;1998,126,49222.0;1998,125,23685.0;1998,124,50000.0;1998,123,13171.0;1998,120,18000.0;1998,119,19379.0;1998,118,8306.0;1998,117,13711.0;1998,116,18519.0;1998,211,17505.0;1998,115,16416.0;1998,114,8387.0;1998,213,51800.0;1998,113,23429.0;1998,222,12309.0;1998,216,33986.0;1998,110,6468.0;1998,109,9006.0;1998,142,16252.0;1998,108,6608.0;1998,107,17112.0;1998,5,110000.0;1998,220,40283.0;1998,106,100571.0;1998,105,11941.0;1998,104,7810.0;1998,103,13200.0;1998,101,17304.0;1998,100,14103.0;1998,99,53661.0;1998,98,24575.0;1998,97,21121.0;1998,96,16240.0;1998,11,58272.0;1998,95,62275.0;1998,93,18706.0;1998,226,124348.0;1998,127,39823.0;1998,111,31121.0;1998,245,76354.0;1998,92,27560.0;1998,12,16363.0;1998,91,8231.0;1998,230,33333.0;1998,232,19314.0;1998,90,20519.0;1998,89,8255.0;1998,268,38298.0;1998,87,10750.0;1998,85,55056.0;1998,83,73139.0;1998,82,5727.0;1998,81,21611.0;1998,9,94731.0;1998,141,11371.0;1998,5396,6579.0;1998,234,22000.0;1998,78,19178.0;1998,7,92512.0;1998,77,51524.0;1998,76,29816.0;1998,75,33448.0;1998,66,43734.0;1998,3897,18477.0;1998,74,8673.0;1998,73,26573.0;1998,70,42192.0;1998,69,5200.0;1998,68,15000.0;1998,67,25342.0;1998,72,201586.0;1998,64,12857.0;1998,13,84382.0;1998,63,33715.0;1998,62,32546.0;1998,221,5142.0;1998,238,27697.0;1998,84,24811.0;1998,61,14660.0;1998,60,12503.0;1998,80,11585.0;1998,355,44362.0;1998,273,15969.0;1998,462,13165.0;1998,463,10027.0;1998,464,52581.0;1998,465,21120.0;1998,466,13164.0;1998,290,58733.0;1998,450,84224.0;1998,477,21923.0;1998,436,9945.0;1998,295,33734.0;1998,275,39855.0;1998,469,32374.0;1998,467,52079.0;1998,470,18529.0;1998,471,24322.0;1998,472,35905.0;1998,276,51772.0;1998,473,32593.0;1998,474,19379.0;1998,475,64178.0;1998,476,85276.0;1998,277,58582.0;1998,34981,60000.0;1998,478,28642.0;1998,34752,13851.0;1998,318,59323.0;1998,454,12185.0;1998,34987,16183.0;1998,5398,10535.0;1998,34988,14760.0;1998,34989,16020.0;1999,213,49024.0;1999,113,24720.0;1999,222,12346.0;1999,216,36318.0;1999,110,4120.0;1999,109,11596.0;1999,142,16904.0;1999,108,5276.0;1999,107,16776.0;1999,5,70188.0;1999,220,40189.0;1999,106,101306.0;1999,105,11542.0;1999,104,8145.0;1999,103,15998.0;1999,101,17178.0;1999,100,15623.0;1999,99,54167.0;1999,98,23177.0;1999,97,23053.0;1999,96,17351.0;1999,11,57506.0;1999,95,57006.0;1999,93,17500.0;1999,226,124639.0;1999,127,39403.0;1999,111,28282.0;1999,245,76536.0;1999,92,36287.0;1999,12,19712.0;1999,91,7556.0;1999,230,30000.0;1999,232,20973.0;1999,90,18723.0;1999,89,9388.0;1999,268,48461.0;1999,87,12372.0;1999,85,59974.0;1999,83,69368.0;1999,82,7118.0;1999,81,22274.0;1999,9,94808.0;1999,141,10897.0;1999,5396,5834.0;1999,234,10000.0;1999,78,16456.0;1999,7,91606.0;1999,77,32721.0;1999,76,28100.0;1999,75,35524.0;1999,66,40926.0;1999,3897,13001.0;1999,74,11979.0;1999,73,25000.0;1999,70,44376.0;1999,69,8200.0;1999,68,17319.0;1999,67,25220.0;1999,72,204448.0;1999,64,25283.0;1999,13,83979.0;1999,63,40894.0;1999,62,29508.0;1999,221,5182.0;1999,238,31324.0;1999,84,25341.0;1999,61,14778.0;1999,60,13759.0;1999,80,10509.0;1999,355,44247.0;1999,273,17446.0;1999,462,15367.0;1999,463,9666.0;1999,464,52112.0;1999,465,21371.0;1999,466,15127.0;1999,290,57786.0;1999,450,83815.0;1999,477,23239.0;1999,436,11757.0;1999,295,30811.0;1999,275,38107.0;1999,469,35315.0;1999,467,48844.0;1999,470,18594.0;1999,471,24446.0;1999,472,36156.0;1999,276,57868.0;1999,473,39137.0;1999,474,19451.0;1999,475,70143.0;1999,476,90052.0;1999,277,61242.0;1999,34981,62613.0;1999,478,28656.0;1999,34752,13986.0;1999,318,65389.0;1999,454,14087.0;1999,34987,16607.0;1999,5398,12347.0;1999,34988,15812.0;1999,34989,17488.0;1999,15,15000.0;1999,16,37455.0;1999,17,22375.0;1999,19,6361.0;1999,20,16316.0;1999,21,53702.0;1999,22,40303.0;1999,23,51212.0;1999,24,95919.0;1999,25,35180.0;1999,26,21657.0;1999,28,12346.0;1999,29,26000.0;1999,30,26053.0;1999,34978,121083.0;1999,31,27518.0;1999,32,12518.0;1999,33,15556.0;1999,34,17621.0;1999,35,46068.0;1999,36,1111.0;1999,37,27591.0;1999,39,38239.0;1999,40,16241.0;1999,41,11192.0;1999,18581,11620.0;1999,42,15948.0;1999,43,25907.0;1999,44,79747.0;1999,174,10556.0;1999,173,6991.0;1999,172,85153.0;1999,171,49458.0;1999,34845,49446.0;1999,34979,57725.0;1999,170,17961.0;1999,169,21823.0;1999,168,7713.0;1999,166,18915.0;1999,143,19622.0;1999,165,55584.0;1999,164,20096.0;1999,162,66037.0;1999,128,21478.0;1999,167,7990.0;1999,154,17686.0;1999,200,13559.0;1999,160,12760.0;1999,201,11813.0;1999,65,75174.0;1999,259,25047.0;1999,157,7920.0;1999,158,17150.0;1999,202,18100.0;1999,3,89483.0;1999,253,7073.0;1999,153,15858.0;1999,151,15938.0;1999,152,22255.0;1999,6,87850.0;1999,150,14557.0;1999,149,96108.0;1999,206,10044.0;1999,254,19176.0;1999,148,17378.0;1999,147,13761.0;1999,94,9910.0;1999,146,14943.0;1999,145,8333.0;1999,139,12249.0;1999,138,64130.0;1999,137,17922.0;1999,136,26629.0;1999,135,62003.0;1999,134,19167.0;1999,133,140757.0;1999,8,97444.0;1999,132,12231.0;1999,14,24000.0;1999,130,119320.0;1999,131,30168.0;1999,129,14817.0;1999,208,193750.0;1999,126,53038.0;1999,125,23597.0;1999,124,57143.0;1999,123,9410.0;1999,120,20000.0;1999,119,19451.0;1999,118,9162.0;1999,117,18109.0;1999,116,21111.0;1999,211,20667.0;1999,115,14541.0;1999,114,7618.0;2000,15,11979.0;2000,16,38811.0;2000,17,36186.0;2000,19,5745.0;2000,20,16000.0;2000,21,54329.0;2000,22,23178.0;2000,23,49360.0;2000,24,98596.0;2000,25,32484.0;2000,26,24762.0;2000,28,20597.0;2000,29,26087.0;2000,30,23077.0;2000,4,111006.0;2000,31,22384.0;2000,32,11481.0;2000,33,15645.0;2000,34,21259.0;2000,35,22702.0;2000,36,1123.0;2000,37,27447.0;2000,39,17239.0;2000,40,17543.0;2000,41,10521.0;2000,18581,7948.0;2000,42,27345.0;2000,43,24615.0;2000,44,62844.0;2000,174,10600.0;2000,173,7530.0;2000,172,94120.0;2000,171,45992.0;2000,34845,45974.0;2000,34979,59205.0;2000,170,21064.0;2000,169,22002.0;2000,168,8000.0;2000,166,18111.0;2000,143,20287.0;2000,165,39270.0;2000,164,21629.0;2000,162,64285.0;2000,128,20988.0;2000,167,7990.0;2000,154,18333.0;2000,200,13559.0;2000,160,10306.0;2000,201,13932.0;2000,65,76800.0;2000,259,22475.0;2000,157,2358.0;2000,158,16204.0;2000,202,18038.0;2000,3,90768.0;2000,253,7093.0;2000,153,16188.0;2000,151,16058.0;2000,152,16161.0;2000,6,92119.0;2000,150,14578.0;2000,149,96721.0;2000,206,10031.0;2000,254,19291.0;2000,148,17811.0;2000,147,14230.0;2000,94,9874.0;2000,146,12352.0;2000,145,7500.0;2000,139,14360.0;2000,138,41790.0;2000,137,18216.0;2000,136,27649.0;2000,135,61655.0;2000,134,7560.0;2000,133,126691.0;2000,8,95277.0;2000,132,11487.0;2000,14,24699.0;2000,130,145638.0;2000,131,33351.0;2000,129,14400.0;2000,208,186190.0;2000,126,57523.0;2000,125,23878.0;2000,124,38889.0;2000,123,6773.0;2000,120,28900.0;2000,119,19738.0;2000,210,80000.0;2000,118,8838.0;2000,117,17428.0;2000,116,24074.0;2000,211,24043.0;2000,115,13322.0;2000,114,9054.0;2000,213,89000.0;2000,113,24620.0;2000,222,12386.0;2000,216,38627.0;2000,110,4000.0;2000,109,9399.0;2000,142,17063.0;2000,108,7170.0;2000,107,17275.0;2000,5,110000.0;2000,220,39042.0;2000,106,102260.0;2000,105,12677.0;2000,104,6375.0;2000,103,13001.0;2000,101,17407.0;2000,100,15114.0;2000,99,55385.0;2000,98,19512.0;2000,97,24119.0;2000,96,17970.0;2000,11,60637.0;2000,95,57210.0;2000,93,17308.0;2000,226,125175.0;2000,127,40616.0;2000,111,23358.0;2000,245,76692.0;2000,92,16061.0;2000,12,21227.0;2000,91,7018.0;2000,230,150000.0;2000,232,22300.0;2000,90,62820.0;2000,89,11114.0;2000,268,24394.0;2000,87,9285.0;2000,85,30374.0;2000,83,58821.0;2000,82,14597.0;2000,81,28492.0;2000,9,92157.0;2000,141,10838.0;2000,5396,7380.0;2000,234,19048.0;2000,78,16456.0;2000,7,99545.0;2000,77,34439.0;2000,76,27011.0;2000,75,36715.0;2000,66,33819.0;2000,3897,16082.0;2000,74,12020.0;2000,73,25980.0;2000,70,41605.0;2000,69,9700.0;2000,68,17424.0;2000,67,30091.0;2000,72,207491.0;2000,64,19314.0;2000,13,85910.0;2000,63,15296.0;2000,62,26707.0;2000,221,5223.0;2000,238,35004.0;2000,84,27471.0;2000,61,14778.0;2000,60,17720.0;2000,80,14880.0;2000,355,43244.0;2000,273,18231.0;2000,462,15223.0;2000,463,9418.0;2000,464,57412.0;2000,465,26782.0;2000,466,13459.0;2000,290,58698.0;2000,450,85071.0;2000,477,23140.0;2000,436,11945.0;2000,295,31736.0;2000,275,35641.0;2000,469,37076.0;2000,467,45463.0;2000,470,18844.0;2000,471,25669.0;2000,472,33198.0;2000,276,46305.0;2000,473,25033.0;2000,474,19738.0;2000,475,59489.0;2000,476,92132.0;2000,277,57512.0;2000,34981,58727.0;2000,478,30669.0;2000,34752,14092.0;2000,318,54556.0;2000,454,13552.0;2000,34987,17079.0;2000,5398,12512.0;2000,34988,15395.0;2000,34989,17556.0;2001,213,72037.0;2001,113,25777.0;2001,222,12428.0;2001,216,40901.0;2001,110,2107.0;2001,109,9580.0;2001,142,20903.0;2001,108,13254.0;2001,107,18000.0;2001,5,88971.0;2001,220,39943.0;2001,106,104000.0;2001,105,13241.0;2001,104,7164.0;2001,103,13999.0;2001,101,17676.0;2001,100,12475.0;2001,99,59286.0;2001,98,23308.0;2001,97,25887.0;2001,96,18198.0;2001,11,60683.0;2001,95,58443.0;2001,93,17607.0;2001,226,125299.0;2001,127,40118.0;2001,111,23714.0;2001,245,77419.0;2001,92,30663.0;2001,12,18130.0;2001,91,7671.0;2001,230,142857.0;2001,232,21739.0;2001,90,40612.0;2001,89,12279.0;2001,268,48315.0;2001,87,10309.0;2001,85,53646.0;2001,83,54139.0;2001,82,14274.0;2001,81,24371.0;2001,9,97208.0;2001,141,11182.0;2001,5396,7380.0;2001,234,19444.0;2001,78,14267.0;2001,7,92195.0;2001,77,38987.0;2001,76,29515.0;2001,75,37329.0;2001,66,34500.0;2001,3897,12156.0;2001,74,13071.0;2001,73,25871.0;2001,70,40063.0;2001,69,10000.0;2001,68,18006.0;2001,67,32425.0;2001,72,210790.0;2001,64,31359.0;2001,13,86733.0;2001,63,46643.0;2001,62,34884.0;2001,221,5264.0;2001,238,34486.0;2001,84,29633.0;2001,61,14417.0;2001,60,13780.0;2001,80,11992.0;2001,355,44756.0;2001,273,17276.0;2001,462,15574.0;2001,463,9105.0;2001,464,51674.0;2001,465,23184.0;2001,466,13898.0;2001,290,59256.0;2001,450,85838.0;2001,477,24211.0;2001,436,12446.0;2001,295,35817.0;2001,275,37145.0;2001,469,42985.0;2001,467,46652.0;2001,470,20366.0;2001,471,26375.0;2001,472,33192.0;2001,276,56254.0;2001,473,36697.0;2001,474,23327.0;2001,475,71092.0;2001,476,86980.0;2001,277,56187.0;2001,34981,57341.0;2001,478,32333.0;2001,34752,14230.0;2001,318,63669.0;2001,454,13898.0;2001,34987,16370.0;2001,5398,12536.0;2001,34988,16336.0;2001,34989,17773.0;2001,15,20000.0;2001,16,38135.0;2001,17,27175.0;2001,19,5754.0;2001,20,16126.0;2001,21,54553.0;2001,22,37913.0;2001,23,46622.0;2001,24,90869.0;2001,25,37823.0;2001,26,30000.0;2001,28,32216.0;2001,29,26042.0;2001,30,25833.0;2001,4,113522.0;2001,31,30089.0;2001,32,11002.0;2001,33,15789.0;2001,34,22143.0;2001,35,38523.0;2001,36,1992.0;2001,37,34026.0;2001,39,24713.0;2001,40,18115.0;2001,41,10817.0;2001,18581,6373.0;2001,42,27612.0;2001,43,24404.0;2001,44,66187.0;2001,174,10700.0;2001,173,5267.0;2001,172,94306.0;2001,171,46999.0;2001,34845,46985.0;2001,34979,58334.0;2001,170,20755.0;2001,169,21895.0;2001,168,8030.0;2001,166,16619.0;2001,143,20975.0;2001,165,54450.0;2001,164,23305.0;2001,162,65978.0;2001,128,29881.0;2001,167,7990.0;2001,154,17143.0;2001,200,13578.0;2001,160,13390.0;2001,201,7642.0;2001,65,69798.0;2001,259,19431.0;2001,157,7851.0;2001,158,17427.0;2001,202,7171.0;2001,3,85638.0;2001,253,7183.0;2001,153,15242.0;2001,151,16852.0;2001,152,15637.0;2001,6,88377.0;2001,150,13150.0;2001,149,103451.0;2001,206,10022.0;2001,254,19662.0;2001,148,18409.0;2001,147,14430.0;2001,94,9700.0;2001,146,12644.0;2001,145,6923.0;2001,139,14992.0;2001,138,62456.0;2001,137,19996.0;2001,136,28446.0;2001,135,61613.0;2001,134,23613.0;2001,133,121500.0;2001,8,95135.0;2001,132,12068.0;2001,14,25000.0;2001,130,133885.0;2001,131,37126.0;2001,129,17012.0;2001,208,189565.0;2001,126,60960.0;2001,125,25500.0;2001,124,43231.0;2001,123,8913.0;2001,120,20000.0;2001,119,23327.0;2001,210,90987.0;2001,118,9290.0;2001,117,11845.0;2001,116,30455.0;2001,211,27037.0;2001,115,11583.0;2001,114,10016.0;2002,15,29800.0;2002,16,39460.0;2002,17,33480.0;2002,19,6706.0;2002,20,15625.0;2002,21,60791.0;2002,22,37380.0;2002,23,54699.0;2002,24,96766.0;2002,25,43463.0;2002,26,30500.0;2002,28,40349.0;2002,29,26265.0;2002,30,33333.0;2002,4,111962.0;2002,31,23388.0;2002,32,8829.0;2002,33,15856.0;2002,34,21670.0;2002,35,45444.0;2002,36,2947.0;2002,37,30579.0;2002,39,42364.0;2002,40,17381.0;2002,41,10931.0;2002,18581,1485.0;2002,42,20797.0;2002,43,20679.0;2002,44,70128.0;2002,174,9826.0;2002,173,7128.0;2002,172,105902.0;2002,171,48736.0;2002,34845,48713.0;2002,34979,69641.0;2002,170,22773.0;2002,169,21789.0;2002,168,8060.0;2002,166,17119.0;2002,143,21687.0;2002,165,61186.0;2002,164,25278.0;2002,162,87322.0;2002,128,33260.0;2002,167,7790.0;2002,154,16667.0;2002,200,13627.0;2002,160,12960.0;2002,201,14319.0;2002,65,77656.0;2002,259,26041.0;2002,157,2076.0;2002,158,18753.0;2002,202,15174.0;2002,3,89787.0;2002,253,7500.0;2002,153,14286.0;2002,151,10125.0;2002,152,20523.0;2002,6,93755.0;2002,150,14900.0;2002,149,99507.0;2002,206,9979.0;2002,254,20000.0;2002,148,17450.0;2002,147,14664.0;2002,94,14941.0;2002,146,14119.0;2002,145,7475.0;2002,139,13655.0;2002,138,50762.0;2002,137,16807.0;2002,136,30655.0;2002,135,71500.0;2002,134,24433.0;2002,133,124297.0;2002,8,94918.0;2002,132,11818.0;2002,14,24615.0;2002,130,286750.0;2002,131,41350.0;2002,129,15126.0;2002,208,200000.0;2002,126,57803.0;2002,125,27610.0;2002,124,32435.0;2002,123,8088.0;2002,120,15000.0;2002,119,28621.0;2002,210,71074.0;2002,118,8845.0;2002,117,10460.0;2002,116,30435.0;2002,211,30000.0;2002,115,11460.0;2002,114,5644.0;2002,213,77632.0;2002,113,27105.0;2002,222,12474.0;2002,216,43130.0;2002,110,7494.0;2002,109,7066.0;2002,142,22100.0;2002,108,13238.0;2002,107,18291.0;2002,5,97046.0;2002,220,38840.0;2002,106,104984.0;2002,105,13369.0;2002,104,12000.0;2002,103,14899.0;2002,101,18569.0;2002,100,12343.0;2002,99,52861.0;2002,98,23442.0;2002,97,26708.0;2002,96,18031.0;2002,11,61563.0;2002,95,56775.0;2002,93,17810.0;2002,226,124627.0;2002,127,42218.0;2002,111,26721.0;2002,245,76827.0;2002,92,30421.0;2002,12,28582.0;2002,91,8763.0;2002,230,148571.0;2002,232,21074.0;2002,90,36432.0;2002,89,7434.0;2002,268,46637.0;2002,87,7870.0;2002,85,53688.0;2002,83,81574.0;2002,82,14274.0;2002,81,28516.0;2002,9,95142.0;2002,141,11282.0;2002,5396,8357.0;2002,234,19677.0;2002,78,9962.0;2002,7,94997.0;2002,77,41921.0;2002,76,35117.0;2002,75,37145.0;2002,66,41404.0;2002,3897,17551.0;2002,74,12652.0;2002,73,25354.0;2002,70,42163.0;2002,69,9677.0;2002,68,18003.0;2002,67,35167.0;2002,72,215242.0;2002,64,25657.0;2002,13,81179.0;2002,63,33552.0;2002,62,41909.0;2002,221,5304.0;2002,238,31108.0;2002,84,30759.0;2002,61,12701.0;2002,60,14097.0;2002,80,4556.0;2002,355,43855.0;2002,273,17449.0;2002,462,14098.0;2002,463,9394.0;2002,464,57720.0;2002,465,26992.0;2002,466,14142.0;2002,290,57255.0;2002,450,80696.0;2002,477,25154.0;2002,436,13504.0;2002,295,34240.0;2002,275,38138.0;2002,469,43440.0;2002,467,48426.0;2002,470,18589.0;2002,471,27313.0;2002,472,35248.0;2002,276,57327.0;2002,473,37340.0;2002,474,28621.0;2002,475,71453.0;2002,476,91434.0;2002,277,60663.0;2002,34981,62035.0;2002,478,31112.0;2002,34752,14395.0;2002,318,64750.0;2002,454,13822.0;2002,34987,15595.0;2002,5398,13648.0;2002,34988,15213.0;2002,34989,17601.0;2003,114,25500.0;2003,213,65556.0;2003,113,27525.0;2003,222,12529.0;2003,216,45374.0;2003,110,5617.0;2003,109,8693.0;2003,142,24367.0;2003,108,12347.0;2003,107,18765.0;2003,5,83921.0;2003,220,40500.0;2003,106,107803.0;2003,105,14959.0;2003,104,5085.0;2003,103,14999.0;2003,101,20034.0;2003,100,12493.0;2003,99,46154.0;2003,98,23849.0;2003,97,27782.0;2003,96,19153.0;2003,11,52862.0;2003,95,56354.0;2003,93,18050.0;2003,226,125299.0;2003,127,41402.0;2003,111,25551.0;2003,245,76929.0;2003,92,30704.0;2003,12,32194.0;2003,91,7672.0;2003,230,148250.0;2003,232,21311.0;2003,90,38053.0;2003,89,22834.0;2003,268,31798.0;2003,87,10038.0;2003,85,41195.0;2003,83,50802.0;2003,82,13626.0;2003,81,26582.0;2003,9,90408.0;2003,141,10957.0;2003,5396,7380.0;2003,234,23214.0;2003,78,10235.0;2003,7,42990.0;2003,77,40979.0;2003,76,37699.0;2003,75,38513.0;2003,66,40599.0;2003,3897,13924.0;2003,74,12728.0;2003,73,25696.0;2003,70,50150.0;2003,69,12500.0;2003,68,18310.0;2003,67,34569.0;2003,72,219672.0;2003,64,7549.0;2003,13,89246.0;2003,63,45855.0;2003,62,42161.0;2003,221,5350.0;2003,238,34326.0;2003,84,34363.0;2003,61,10954.0;2003,60,17256.0;2003,80,7833.0;2003,355,44582.0;2003,273,16135.0;2003,462,11733.0;2003,463,9733.0;2003,464,58273.0;2003,465,25501.0;2003,466,15114.0;2003,290,62711.0;2003,450,88793.0;2003,477,25666.0;2003,436,14395.0;2003,295,39569.0;2003,275,38259.0;2003,469,45242.0;2003,467,47874.0;2003,470,21133.0;2003,471,29208.0;2003,472,41182.0;2003,276,46789.0;2003,473,33840.0;2003,474,10000.0;2003,475,57757.0;2003,476,74262.0;2003,277,71258.0;2003,34981,74268.0;2003,478,28945.0;2003,34752,14483.0;2003,318,53485.0;2003,454,11985.0;2003,34987,15939.0;2003,5398,14165.0;2003,34988,15160.0;2003,34989,16210.0;2003,15,8400.0;2003,16,42805.0;2003,17,28853.0;2003,19,7559.0;2003,20,15714.0;2003,21,64767.0;2003,22,46045.0;2003,23,62000.0;2003,24,98541.0;2003,25,44451.0;2003,26,34000.0;2003,28,40334.0;2003,29,26300.0;2003,30,43388.0;2003,4,105216.0;2003,31,28042.0;2003,32,11899.0;2003,33,18504.0;2003,34,23405.0;2003,35,27901.0;2003,36,2144.0;2003,37,37273.0;2003,39,28000.0;2003,40,15284.0;2003,41,10670.0;2003,18581,3792.0;2003,42,37472.0;2003,43,19908.0;2003,44,78193.0;2003,174,9520.0;2003,173,9075.0;2003,172,99977.0;2003,171,48147.0;2003,34845,48126.0;2003,34979,68090.0;2003,170,26518.0;2003,169,21697.0;2003,168,8152.0;2003,166,17273.0;2003,143,22422.0;2003,165,38654.0;2003,164,27222.0;2003,162,55764.0;2003,128,34849.0;2003,167,7790.0;2003,154,16667.0;2003,200,13333.0;2003,160,14156.0;2003,201,16898.0;2003,65,78293.0;2003,259,27471.0;2003,157,3335.0;2003,158,15319.0;2003,202,17155.0;2003,3,71165.0;2003,253,8682.0;2003,153,15223.0;2003,151,15849.0;2003,152,24250.0;2003,6,73845.0;2003,150,16272.0;2003,149,104075.0;2003,206,10000.0;2003,254,20281.0;2003,148,16462.0;2003,147,14901.0;2003,94,13759.0;2003,146,12500.0;2003,145,7429.0;2003,139,15572.0;2003,138,39591.0;2003,137,20405.0;2003,136,32414.0;2003,135,67242.0;2003,134,24462.0;2003,133,125808.0;2003,8,74811.0;2003,132,12315.0;2003,14,24964.0;2003,130,230989.0;2003,131,43226.0;2003,129,16224.0;2003,208,200000.0;2003,126,60898.0;2003,125,27710.0;2003,124,35484.0;2003,123,6439.0;2003,120,15000.0;2003,119,10000.0;2003,210,56439.0;2003,118,16255.0;2003,117,12259.0;2003,116,30000.0;2003,211,32000.0;2003,115,14242.0;2004,15,16000.0;2004,16,46197.0;2004,17,31729.0;2004,19,5404.0;2004,20,15789.0;2004,21,63931.0;2004,22,61791.0;2004,23,56327.0;2004,24,108834.0;2004,25,46071.0;2004,26,35500.0;2004,28,48243.0;2004,29,26596.0;2004,30,35297.0;2004,4,122246.0;2004,31,23908.0;2004,32,11799.0;2004,33,40495.0;2004,34,17145.0;2004,35,51317.0;2004,36,1743.0;2004,37,33671.0;2004,39,55400.0;2004,40,12666.0;2004,41,10807.0;2004,18581,3852.0;2004,42,33202.0;2004,43,19166.0;2004,44,82410.0;2004,174,9615.0;2004,173,8451.0;2004,172,110678.0;2004,171,51216.0;2004,34845,51203.0;2004,34979,67193.0;2004,170,26357.0;2004,169,21620.0;2004,168,8062.0;2004,166,19517.0;2004,143,22242.0;2004,165,55000.0;2004,164,27457.0;2004,162,61346.0;2004,128,34889.0;2004,167,7790.0;2004,154,16571.0;2004,200,13769.0;2004,160,14923.0;2004,201,18841.0;2004,65,79087.0;2004,259,27641.0;2004,157,2409.0;2004,158,16132.0;2004,202,17861.0;2004,3,89906.0;2004,253,9880.0;2004,153,15431.0;2004,151,12070.0;2004,152,21944.0;2004,6,91250.0;2004,150,15794.0;2004,149,101088.0;2004,206,10007.0;2004,254,20633.0;2004,148,15769.0;2004,147,15143.0;2004,94,21245.0;2004,146,12500.0;2004,145,7615.0;2004,139,13855.0;2004,138,70012.0;2004,137,19073.0;2004,136,33439.0;2004,135,70172.0;2004,134,22486.0;2004,133,153707.0;2004,8,94975.0;2004,132,11842.0;2004,14,25000.0;2004,130,187342.0;2004,131,44576.0;2004,129,19293.0;2004,208,200000.0;2004,126,61938.0;2004,125,30148.0;2004,124,60000.0;2004,123,6347.0;2004,120,24000.0;2004,119,21429.0;2004,210,80244.0;2004,118,17779.0;2004,117,10460.0;2004,116,30000.0;2004,211,33600.0;2004,115,13128.0;2004,114,11513.0;2004,213,64737.0;2004,113,28188.0;2004,222,12593.0;2004,216,47628.0;2004,110,9152.0;2004,109,8085.0;2004,142,26360.0;2004,108,11301.0;2004,107,19059.0;2004,5,84821.0;2004,220,40515.0;2004,106,112000.0;2004,105,13730.0;2004,104,7509.0;2004,103,16002.0;2004,101,28488.0;2004,100,13024.0;2004,99,46154.0;2004,98,25455.0;2004,97,26734.0;2004,96,21421.0;2004,11,56935.0;2004,95,57417.0;2004,93,18187.0;2004,226,126304.0;2004,127,42604.0;2004,111,30711.0;2004,245,76471.0;2004,92,45497.0;2004,12,40392.0;2004,91,7670.0;2004,230,144444.0;2004,232,21457.0;2004,90,38514.0;2004,89,27194.0;2004,268,54688.0;2004,87,9735.0;2004,85,58337.0;2004,83,77750.0;2004,82,10944.0;2004,81,30305.0;2004,9,100691.0;2004,141,15023.0;2004,5396,10277.0;2004,234,23333.0;2004,78,12500.0;2004,7,96136.0;2004,77,37187.0;2004,76,46811.0;2004,75,38587.0;2004,66,43262.0;2004,3897,15809.0;2004,74,10920.0;2004,73,25000.0;2004,70,55076.0;2004,69,10000.0;2004,68,14400.0;2004,67,38558.0;2004,72,222679.0;2004,64,14659.0;2004,13,100636.0;2004,63,49640.0;2004,62,44917.0;2004,221,5354.0;2004,238,33564.0;2004,84,34617.0;2004,61,8425.0;2004,60,19239.0;2004,80,11288.0;2004,355,49437.0;2004,273,17289.0;2004,462,13885.0;2004,463,8890.0;2004,464,59666.0;2004,465,28644.0;2004,466,15235.0;2004,290,68378.0;2004,450,100003.0;2004,477,26151.0;2004,436,14777.0;2004,295,36930.0;2004,275,40472.0;2004,469,47846.0;2004,467,50899.0;2004,470,21538.0;2004,471,30300.0;2004,472,41080.0;2004,276,61352.0;2004,473,46788.0;2004,474,21429.0;2004,475,75215.0;2004,476,92132.0;2004,277,64215.0;2004,34981,66137.0;2004,478,28625.0;2004,34752,14617.0;2004,318,70862.0;2004,454,13082.0;2004,34987,16477.0;2004,5398,14888.0;2004,34988,16119.0;2004,34989,17523.0;2005,114,8156.0;2005,213,75397.0;2005,113,29276.0;2005,222,12663.0;2005,216,49819.0;2005,110,2036.0;2005,109,5086.0;2005,142,28293.0;2005,108,22606.0;2005,107,20191.0;2005,5,88201.0;2005,220,39313.0;2005,106,109308.0;2005,105,14021.0;2005,104,8019.0;2005,103,16598.0;2005,101,29843.0;2005,100,13482.0;2005,99,46667.0;2005,98,20750.0;2005,97,26289.0;2005,96,21514.0;2005,11,57329.0;2005,95,46566.0;2005,93,18318.0;2005,226,124776.0;2005,127,48412.0;2005,111,32728.0;2005,245,77713.0;2005,92,39816.0;2005,12,38661.0;2005,91,8889.0;2005,230,144186.0;2005,232,22282.0;2005,90,37301.0;2005,89,27961.0;2005,268,58145.0;2005,87,9763.0;2005,85,69704.0;2005,83,82883.0;2005,82,11765.0;2005,81,36351.0;2005,9,96099.0;2005,141,14713.0;2005,5396,10000.0;2005,234,22347.0;2005,78,13210.0;2005,7,96497.0;2005,77,36778.0;2005,76,40471.0;2005,75,38161.0;2005,66,44909.0;2005,3897,15900.0;2005,74,11577.0;2005,73,23462.0;2005,70,70000.0;2005,69,9412.0;2005,68,15859.0;2005,67,43185.0;2005,72,225483.0;2005,64,10071.0;2005,13,92852.0;2005,63,41419.0;2005,62,48867.0;2005,221,5338.0;2005,238,32616.0;2005,84,35979.0;2005,61,8079.0;2005,60,18594.0;2005,80,5292.0;2005,355,48193.0;2005,273,17117.0;2005,462,11535.0;2005,463,9677.0;2005,464,61212.0;2005,465,34273.0;2005,466,15921.0;2005,290,65700.0;2005,450,92617.0;2005,477,26438.0;2005,436,13797.0;2005,295,37288.0;2005,275,41859.0;2005,469,45452.0;2005,467,52405.0;2005,470,22022.0;2005,471,31249.0;2005,472,49848.0;2005,276,62309.0;2005,473,47872.0;2005,474,30625.0;2005,475,76075.0;2005,476,87182.0;2005,277,66754.0;2005,34981,68759.0;2005,478,30052.0;2005,34752,14757.0;2005,318,70217.0;2005,454,12528.0;2005,34987,16021.0;2005,5398,14553.0;2005,34988,15402.0;2005,34989,17104.0;2005,15,12069.0;2005,16,45442.0;2005,17,33864.0;2005,19,6736.0;2005,20,15957.0;2005,21,73587.0;2005,22,44692.0;2005,23,57983.0;2005,24,106570.0;2005,25,47703.0;2005,26,36000.0;2005,28,53311.0;2005,29,27368.0;2005,30,39965.0;2005,4,116872.0;2005,31,27066.0;2005,32,11447.0;2005,33,30608.0;2005,34,21859.0;2005,35,51132.0;2005,36,2297.0;2005,37,30403.0;2005,39,53085.0;2005,40,18058.0;2005,41,10833.0;2005,18581,2432.0;2005,42,35153.0;2005,43,21334.0;2005,44,86035.0;2005,174,9034.0;2005,173,10938.0;2005,172,112285.0;2005,171,52882.0;2005,34845,52874.0;2005,34979,63108.0;2005,170,27537.0;2005,169,21543.0;2005,168,8087.0;2005,166,20794.0;2005,143,21138.0;2005,165,69183.0;2005,164,23300.0;2005,162,71696.0;2005,128,29636.0;2005,167,7790.0;2005,154,15000.0;2005,200,13571.0;2005,160,15435.0;2005,201,21232.0;2005,65,81607.0;2005,259,29434.0;2005,157,4906.0;2005,158,20060.0;2005,202,19003.0;2005,3,82539.0;2005,253,10639.0;2005,153,15535.0;2005,151,10517.0;2005,152,21851.0;2005,6,92139.0;2005,150,15613.0;2005,149,102636.0;2005,206,9844.0;2005,254,20990.0;2005,148,13516.0;2005,147,15388.0;2005,94,26557.0;2005,146,12500.0;2005,145,7802.0;2005,139,15387.0;2005,138,75571.0;2005,137,19385.0;2005,136,34539.0;2005,135,72219.0;2005,134,23079.0;2005,133,128879.0;2005,8,93678.0;2005,132,12860.0;2005,14,25258.0;2005,130,233333.0;2005,131,41548.0;2005,129,16405.0;2005,208,200000.0;2005,126,60648.0;2005,125,43321.0;2005,124,37778.0;2005,123,7011.0;2005,120,24000.0;2005,119,30625.0;2005,210,95814.0;2005,118,15464.0;2005,117,8093.0;2005,116,30000.0;2005,211,33333.0;2005,115,14933.0;2006,15,26204.0;2006,16,50111.0;2006,17,65668.0;2006,19,4687.0;2006,20,16250.0;2006,21,59030.0;2006,22,33311.0;2006,23,50000.0;2006,24,92372.0;2006,25,45777.0;2006,26,38000.0;2006,28,52998.0;2006,29,27000.0;2006,30,39390.0;2006,4,101929.0;2006,31,19126.0;2006,32,11323.0;2006,33,26479.0;2006,34,26071.0;2006,35,50644.0;2006,36,2511.0;2006,37,33823.0;2006,39,45328.0;2006,40,19444.0;2006,41,10159.0;2006,18581,1407.0;2006,42,35798.0;2006,43,22224.0;2006,44,84737.0;2006,174,9082.0;2006,173,10666.0;2006,172,111840.0;2006,171,56217.0;2006,34845,56210.0;2006,34979,65297.0;2006,170,25368.0;2006,169,21466.0;2006,168,8174.0;2006,166,20770.0;2006,143,21157.0;2006,165,65312.0;2006,164,25000.0;2006,162,67526.0;2006,128,36534.0;2006,167,7790.0;2006,154,16667.0;2006,200,14049.0;2006,160,13900.0;2006,201,18776.0;2006,65,83705.0;2006,259,30794.0;2006,157,9755.0;2006,158,26404.0;2006,202,19163.0;2006,3,87202.0;2006,253,10000.0;2006,153,15610.0;2006,151,8945.0;2006,152,18377.0;2006,6,80307.0;2006,150,14994.0;2006,149,101383.0;2006,206,10000.0;2006,254,20000.0;2006,148,14953.0;2006,147,15637.0;2006,94,26142.0;2006,146,10000.0;2006,145,7795.0;2006,139,15394.0;2006,138,68165.0;2006,137,19125.0;2006,136,34699.0;2006,135,74221.0;2006,134,24255.0;2006,133,176039.0;2006,8,87285.0;2006,132,12298.0;2006,14,25327.0;2006,130,224062.0;2006,131,46317.0;2006,129,17197.0;2006,208,188333.0;2006,126,60696.0;2006,125,39533.0;2006,124,29524.0;2006,123,5974.0;2006,120,22246.0;2006,119,23500.0;2006,210,65104.0;2006,118,15891.0;2006,117,14814.0;2006,116,32000.0;2006,211,32000.0;2006,115,17301.0;2006,114,4975.0;2006,213,77931.0;2006,113,30012.0;2006,222,12738.0;2006,215,32588.0;2006,216,51947.0;2006,110,12198.0;2006,109,8521.0;2006,142,31070.0;2006,108,21053.0;2006,107,20382.0;2006,5,91529.0;2006,220,39560.0;2006,106,115338.0;2006,105,14626.0;2006,104,11227.0;2006,103,18182.0;2006,101,30364.0;2006,100,15463.0;2006,99,45000.0;2006,98,25000.0;2006,97,27129.0;2006,96,23660.0;2006,11,41609.0;2006,95,49971.0;2006,93,18519.0;2006,226,118571.0;2006,127,47305.0;2006,111,29059.0;2006,245,78947.0;2006,92,35754.0;2006,12,36152.0;2006,91,8531.0;2006,230,135714.0;2006,232,24545.0;2006,90,58203.0;2006,89,13919.0;2006,88,51426.0;2006,87,8136.0;2006,85,54685.0;2006,83,69305.0;2006,82,10526.0;2006,81,34122.0;2006,9,97437.0;2006,141,14853.0;2006,5396,10464.0;2006,234,23000.0;2006,78,14291.0;2006,7,84488.0;2006,77,35146.0;2006,76,37740.0;2006,75,39356.0;2006,66,46493.0;2006,3897,16758.0;2006,74,11551.0;2006,73,25000.0;2006,70,72139.0;2006,69,10667.0;2006,68,15361.0;2006,67,37352.0;2006,72,228013.0;2006,64,13318.0;2006,13,93576.0;2006,63,41837.0;2006,62,59162.0;2006,221,5357.0;2006,238,33342.0;2006,84,37310.0;2006,61,15217.0;2006,60,18992.0;2006,80,8668.0;2006,355,48162.0;2006,273,17777.0;2006,462,14779.0;2006,463,9353.0;2006,464,61068.0;2006,465,30713.0;2006,466,16614.0;2006,290,64060.0;2006,450,93260.0;2006,477,27500.0;2006,436,13351.0;2006,295,36384.0;2006,275,44169.0;2006,469,48791.0;2006,467,55869.0;2006,470,22310.0;2006,471,32031.0;2006,472,52303.0;2006,276,56925.0;2006,473,42219.0;2006,474,23500.0;2006,475,71420.0;2006,476,86693.0;2006,277,61852.0;2006,34981,63442.0;2006,478,28608.0;2006,34752,14611.0;2006,318,65409.0;2006,454,14703.0;2006,34987,18977.0;2006,5398,13847.0;2006,34988,17033.0;2006,34989,18839.0;2007,114,7116.0;2007,213,94537.0;2007,113,32063.0;2007,222,12222.0;2007,215,25171.0;2007,216,54011.0;2007,110,4155.0;2007,109,9505.0;2007,142,32696.0;2007,108,20296.0;2007,107,20909.0;2007,5,119482.0;2007,220,41007.0;2007,106,109000.0;2007,105,13776.0;2007,104,10874.0;2007,103,17049.0;2007,101,34268.0;2007,100,17019.0;2007,99,47059.0;2007,98,22353.0;2007,97,28371.0;2007,96,25439.0;2007,11,65743.0;2007,95,58412.0;2007,93,18966.0;2007,226,181429.0;2007,127,49180.0;2007,111,8601.0;2007,245,79600.0;2007,92,17030.0;2007,12,29300.0;2007,91,7201.0;2007,230,121818.0;2007,232,23077.0;2007,90,56250.0;2007,89,11008.0;2007,88,32491.0;2007,87,8400.0;2007,85,39675.0;2007,83,75358.0;2007,82,11111.0;2007,81,27921.0;2007,9,100027.0;2007,141,16508.0;2007,5396,19091.0;2007,234,27222.0;2007,78,5520.0;2007,7,101695.0;2007,77,35154.0;2007,76,40109.0;2007,75,39295.0;2007,66,38361.0;2007,3897,11282.0;2007,74,11664.0;2007,73,25000.0;2007,70,68381.0;2007,69,10719.0;2007,68,14950.0;2007,67,39001.0;2007,72,268266.0;2007,64,14071.0;2007,13,94584.0;2007,63,57541.0;2007,62,68500.0;2007,221,5517.0;2007,238,34724.0;2007,84,39259.0;2007,61,16666.0;2007,60,23342.0;2007,80,8034.0;2007,355,49896.0;2007,273,17475.0;2007,462,15702.0;2007,463,9282.0;2007,464,61517.0;2007,465,26262.0;2007,466,15205.0;2007,290,68825.0;2007,450,94228.0;2007,477,30077.0;2007,436,13174.0;2007,295,41754.0;2007,275,42940.0;2007,469,50147.0;2007,467,51345.0;2007,470,26285.0;2007,471,33769.0;2007,472,50790.0;2007,276,49833.0;2007,473,29971.0;2007,474,48148.0;2007,475,64575.0;2007,476,97605.0;2007,277,62339.0;2007,34981,64586.0;2007,478,31518.0;2007,34752,15000.0;2007,318,60483.0;2007,454,15299.0;2007,34987,18581.0;2007,5398,12849.0;2007,34988,18217.0;2007,34989,19490.0;2007,15,26277.0;2007,16,46732.0;2007,17,85625.0;2007,19,5091.0;2007,20,15998.0;2007,21,76655.0;2007,22,53262.0;2007,23,49103.0;2007,24,99277.0;2007,25,46175.0;2007,26,40000.0;2007,28,59812.0;2007,29,26667.0;2007,30,50653.0;2007,4,131278.0;2007,31,22192.0;2007,32,9888.0;2007,33,21824.0;2007,34,21155.0;2007,35,32181.0;2007,36,1219.0;2007,37,37852.0;2007,39,14595.0;2007,40,11736.0;2007,41,10168.0;2007,18581,1101.0;2007,42,36831.0;2007,43,20000.0;2007,44,85108.0;2007,174,8500.0;2007,173,10211.0;2007,172,89302.0;2007,171,51672.0;2007,34845,51666.0;2007,34979,61302.0;2007,170,27661.0;2007,169,21389.0;2007,168,7917.0;2007,166,21529.0;2007,143,17643.0;2007,165,49371.0;2007,164,26100.0;2007,162,67955.0;2007,128,31996.0;2007,167,7790.0;2007,154,17386.0;2007,200,14483.0;2007,160,13349.0;2007,201,23105.0;2007,65,80463.0;2007,259,29107.0;2007,157,8321.0;2007,158,19692.0;2007,202,19000.0;2007,3,96727.0;2007,253,10222.0;2007,153,16500.0;2007,151,8687.0;2007,152,24068.0;2007,6,94475.0;2007,150,15437.0;2007,149,100005.0;2007,206,10000.0;2007,254,23333.0;2007,148,25291.0;2007,147,15891.0;2007,94,9429.0;2007,146,17174.0;2007,145,7803.0;2007,139,16922.0;2007,138,37327.0;2007,137,23352.0;2007,136,36601.0;2007,135,76912.0;2007,134,24774.0;2007,133,185962.0;2007,8,93120.0;2007,132,11959.0;2007,14,25399.0;2007,130,187500.0;2007,131,45636.0;2007,129,18132.0;2007,208,188333.0;2007,126,60599.0;2007,125,43636.0;2007,124,34444.0;2007,123,4877.0;2007,120,22246.0;2007,119,48148.0;2007,210,75445.0;2007,118,16191.0;2007,117,26547.0;2007,116,48554.0;2007,211,33717.0;2007,115,16831.0;2008,15,26277.0;2008,16,50000.0;2008,17,44714.0;2008,19,7946.0;2008,20,16190.0;2008,21,64525.0;2008,22,53424.0;2008,23,56912.0;2008,24,110633.0;2008,25,47784.0;2008,26,47619.0;2008,28,60172.0;2008,29,27380.0;2008,30,43890.0;2008,4,119258.0;2008,31,23551.0;2008,32,12506.0;2008,33,24464.0;2008,34,23120.0;2008,35,49169.0;2008,36,1844.0;2008,37,40800.0;2008,39,41548.0;2008,40,16662.0;2008,41,10041.0;2008,18581,3369.0;2008,42,37513.0;2008,43,20000.0;2008,44,90623.0;2008,174,8500.0;2008,173,9613.0;2008,172,101411.0;2008,171,55561.0;2008,34845,55557.0;2008,34979,62163.0;2008,170,27712.0;2008,169,21312.0;2008,168,8049.0;2008,166,17350.0;2008,143,20313.0;2008,165,79759.0;2008,164,25205.0;2008,162,75446.0;2008,128,28051.0;2008,167,7790.0;2008,154,17816.0;2008,200,14371.0;2008,160,14956.0;2008,201,22442.0;2008,65,79053.0;2008,259,33895.0;2008,157,2123.0;2008,158,21367.0;2008,202,19484.0;2008,3,92994.0;2008,253,30190.0;2008,153,15900.0;2008,151,10330.0;2008,152,23211.0;2008,6,98099.0;2008,150,17371.0;2008,149,103000.0;2008,206,10059.0;2008,254,22703.0;2008,148,22757.0;2008,147,10793.0;2008,94,11461.0;2008,146,13333.0;2008,145,7807.0;2008,139,16885.0;2008,138,74653.0;2008,137,24140.0;2008,136,40776.0;2008,135,73226.0;2008,134,23492.0;2008,133,185237.0;2008,8,95726.0;2008,132,12530.0;2008,14,25461.0;2008,130,184832.0;2008,131,44042.0;2008,129,13925.0;2008,208,188333.0;2008,126,58568.0;2008,125,48328.0;2008,124,37778.0;2008,123,4349.0;2008,120,22277.0;2008,119,42105.0;2008,210,60053.0;2008,118,16569.0;2008,117,16498.0;2008,116,52192.0;2008,211,36505.0;2008,115,19732.0;2008,114,7059.0;2008,213,75410.0;2008,113,33071.0;2008,222,13010.0;2008,215,35490.0;2008,216,56012.0;2008,110,5515.0;2008,109,8539.0;2008,142,33932.0;2008,108,20980.0;2008,107,21590.0;2008,5,114163.0;2008,220,38209.0;2008,106,112326.0;2008,105,13311.0;2008,104,7937.0;2008,103,19571.0;2008,101,34154.0;2008,100,16183.0;2008,99,45455.0;2008,98,28804.0;2008,97,29673.0;2008,96,26036.0;2008,11,58149.0;2008,95,63278.0;2008,93,18719.0;2008,226,181429.0;2008,127,50544.0;2008,111,34896.0;2008,245,78333.0;2008,92,32271.0;2008,12,38588.0;2008,91,11515.0;2008,230,127273.0;2008,232,21538.0;2008,90,56427.0;2008,89,18351.0;2008,88,48340.0;2008,87,8400.0;2008,85,81732.0;2008,83,73207.0;2008,82,11765.0;2008,81,45373.0;2008,9,99061.0;2008,141,26337.0;2008,5396,20214.0;2008,234,22500.0;2008,78,9943.0;2008,7,97027.0;2008,77,39676.0;2008,76,93985.0;2008,75,40748.0;2008,66,40991.0;2008,3897,12611.0;2008,74,11922.0;2008,73,25000.0;2008,70,71988.0;2008,69,18667.0;2008,68,26855.0;2008,67,46911.0;2008,72,268301.0;2008,64,13667.0;2008,13,96596.0;2008,63,41526.0;2008,62,71156.0;2008,221,5467.0;2008,238,38244.0;2008,84,31753.0;2008,61,15141.0;2008,60,22442.0;2008,80,2867.0;2008,355,51056.0;2008,273,19192.0;2008,462,14052.0;2008,463,10470.0;2008,464,63886.0;2008,465,41938.0;2008,466,17180.0;2008,290,68611.0;2008,450,96384.0;2008,477,30910.0;2008,436,13583.0;2008,295,43058.0;2008,275,45484.0;2008,469,54042.0;2008,467,55103.0;2008,470,26803.0;2008,471,35201.0;2008,472,54577.0;2008,276,60502.0;2008,473,45616.0;2008,474,42105.0;2008,475,73504.0;2008,476,96356.0;2008,277,66497.0;2008,34981,68662.0;2008,478,30581.0;2008,34752,15481.0;2008,318,71704.0;2008,454,15940.0;2008,34987,19616.0;2008,5398,13264.0;2008,34988,18081.0;2008,34989,19905.0;2009,114,5542.0;2009,213,80000.0;2009,113,32368.0;2009,222,13210.0;2009,215,37571.0;2009,216,57952.0;2009,110,9151.0;2009,109,10000.0;2009,142,34324.0;2009,108,21130.0;2009,107,22054.0;2009,5,129954.0;2009,220,36957.0;2009,106,110327.0;2009,105,15605.0;2009,104,9014.0;2009,103,21961.0;2009,101,34879.0;2009,100,17148.0;2009,99,48022.0;2009,98,24000.0;2009,97,30290.0;2009,96,26208.0;2009,11,62262.0;2009,95,66936.0;2009,93,18776.0;2009,226,192857.0;2009,127,50225.0;2009,111,28897.0;2009,245,74667.0;2009,92,34169.0;2009,12,35318.0;2009,91,19503.0;2009,230,167500.0;2009,232,15385.0;2009,90,54742.0;2009,89,15532.0;2009,88,52921.0;2009,87,9200.0;2009,85,68503.0;2009,83,78371.0;2009,82,15299.0;2009,81,49640.0;2009,9,100749.0;2009,141,25515.0;2009,5396,17798.0;2009,234,24000.0;2009,78,12869.0;2009,7,104132.0;2009,77,43791.0;2009,76,98893.0;2009,75,41780.0;2009,66,47054.0;2009,3897,18884.0;2009,74,12559.0;2009,73,25000.0;2009,70,71878.0;2009,69,23333.0;2009,68,24996.0;2009,67,50195.0;2009,72,268249.0;2009,64,11232.0;2009,13,103376.0;2009,63,30834.0;2009,62,72125.0;2009,221,5589.0;2009,238,37968.0;2009,84,40137.0;2009,61,14996.0;2009,60,20692.0;2009,80,4642.0;2009,355,51712.0;2009,273,20129.0;2009,462,15027.0;2009,463,9908.0;2009,464,63936.0;2009,465,44857.0;2009,466,19023.0;2009,290,71816.0;2009,450,102702.0;2009,477,29528.0;2009,436,10665.0;2009,295,38345.0;2009,275,43860.0;2009,469,57063.0;2009,467,52295.0;2009,470,23272.0;2009,471,37468.0;2009,472,55893.0;2009,276,60641.0;2009,473,45460.0;2009,474,43273.0;2009,475,72184.0;2009,476,94565.0;2009,277,69161.0;2009,34981,71225.0;2009,478,30987.0;2009,34752,15761.0;2009,318,69335.0;2009,454,16503.0;2009,34987,21095.0;2009,5398,11627.0;2009,34988,17994.0;2009,34989,20038.0;2009,15,21429.0;2009,16,55693.0;2009,17,34226.0;2009,19,6614.0;2009,20,15903.0;2009,21,55760.0;2009,22,57763.0;2009,23,58171.0;2009,24,105911.0;2009,25,47990.0;2009,26,60000.0;2009,28,56831.0;2009,29,28214.0;2009,30,46818.0;2009,4,121174.0;2009,31,29423.0;2009,32,12463.0;2009,33,21406.0;2009,34,28185.0;2009,35,51032.0;2009,36,2429.0;2009,37,37145.0;2009,39,47071.0;2009,40,15286.0;2009,41,10032.0;2009,18581,2308.0;2009,42,41757.0;2009,43,19787.0;2009,44,83723.0;2009,174,8500.0;2009,173,9831.0;2009,172,104956.0;2009,171,52592.0;2009,34845,52584.0;2009,34979,64438.0;2009,170,26845.0;2009,169,21235.0;2009,168,8095.0;2009,166,20815.0;2009,143,19966.0;2009,165,73508.0;2009,164,14943.0;2009,162,84506.0;2009,128,33897.0;2009,167,7790.0;2009,154,18186.0;2009,200,14366.0;2009,160,14645.0;2009,201,22003.0;2009,65,78184.0;2009,259,30041.0;2009,157,8689.0;2009,158,21990.0;2009,202,19444.0;2009,3,91009.0;2009,253,54827.0;2009,153,15700.0;2009,151,11622.0;2009,152,23525.0;2009,6,97500.0;2009,150,16969.0;2009,149,98000.0;2009,206,10074.0;2009,254,23124.0;2009,148,19715.0;2009,147,16318.0;2009,94,9896.0;2009,146,13508.0;2009,145,8013.0;2009,139,17503.0;2009,138,63945.0;2009,137,20238.0;2009,136,42372.0;2009,135,72800.0;2009,134,20878.0;2009,133,251854.0;2009,8,86048.0;2009,132,12567.0;2009,14,25385.0;2009,130,189396.0;2009,131,47500.0;2009,129,12943.0;2009,208,196422.0;2009,126,61756.0;2009,125,54643.0;2009,124,36210.0;2009,123,4159.0;2009,120,24790.0;2009,119,43273.0;2009,210,59976.0;2009,118,16225.0;2009,117,22265.0;2009,116,50719.0;2009,211,41093.0;2009,115,33349.0;2010,15,16448.0;2010,16,66790.0;2010,17,25827.0;2010,19,7200.0;2010,20,15871.0;2010,21,78040.0;2010,22,46724.0;2010,23,55593.0;2010,24,107849.0;2010,25,45551.0;2010,26,75333.0;2010,28,58378.0;2010,29,28775.0;2010,30,49306.0;2010,4,119283.0;2010,31,29226.0;2010,32,11028.0;2010,33,23177.0;2010,34,27890.0;2010,35,45211.0;2010,36,1617.0;2010,37,43667.0;2010,39,62516.0;2010,40,14342.0;2010,41,10584.0;2010,18581,2200.0;2010,42,36134.0;2010,43,19741.0;2010,44,97385.0;2010,174,16148.0;2010,173,8174.0;2010,172,110808.0;2010,171,54598.0;2010,34845,54592.0;2010,34979,64802.0;2010,170,27227.0;2010,169,21158.0;2010,168,8171.0;2010,166,19551.0;2010,143,19800.0;2010,165,69678.0;2010,164,14382.0;2010,162,67047.0;2010,128,33459.0;2010,167,7785.0;2010,161,48105.0;2010,154,18509.0;2010,200,14167.0;2010,160,16482.0;2010,201,22348.0;2010,65,72700.0;2010,259,30253.0;2010,157,7063.0;2010,158,25398.0;2010,202,19544.0;2010,3,88313.0;2010,253,82171.0;2010,153,15761.0;2010,151,12500.0;2010,152,14138.0;2010,6,87854.0;2010,150,18874.0;2010,149,113392.0;2010,206,10087.0;2010,254,23544.0;2010,148,19893.0;2010,147,16313.0;2010,94,6900.0;2010,146,13694.0;2010,145,8047.0;2010,139,16504.0;2010,138,64745.0;2010,137,25401.0;2010,136,44359.0;2010,135,89295.0;2010,134,23586.0;2010,133,292355.0;2010,8,91672.0;2010,132,11715.0;2010,14,25646.0;2010,130,193890.0;2010,131,48326.0;2010,129,17251.0;2010,208,194236.0;2010,126,60632.0;2010,125,47986.0;2010,124,37566.0;2010,123,9071.0;2010,120,19333.0;2010,119,66901.0;2010,210,83093.0;2010,118,15577.0;2010,117,20158.0;2010,116,55351.0;2010,211,45915.0;2010,115,27829.0;2010,114,8592.0;2010,213,68333.0;2010,113,32599.0;2010,222,13420.0;2010,215,38347.0;2010,216,59831.0;2010,110,12132.0;2010,109,12024.0;2010,142,35369.0;2010,108,21161.0;2010,107,21186.0;2010,5,117673.0;2010,220,39235.0;2010,106,107597.0;2010,105,13393.0;2010,104,7567.0;2010,103,18502.0;2010,101,38052.0;2010,100,15748.0;2010,99,50000.0;2010,98,39152.0;2010,97,30999.0;2010,96,25517.0;2010,11,57456.0;2010,95,69295.0;2010,93,18838.0;2010,226,207556.0;2010,127,47874.0;2010,111,34540.0;2010,245,76255.0;2010,92,43176.0;2010,12,30085.0;2010,91,23416.0;2010,230,187742.0;2010,232,15819.0;2010,90,53096.0;2010,89,15384.0;2010,88,58903.0;2010,87,14500.0;2010,85,55306.0;2010,83,85394.0;2010,82,15098.0;2010,81,46736.0;2010,9,105553.0;2010,141,28061.0;2010,5396,13228.0;2010,234,23333.0;2010,78,12040.0;2010,7,84912.0;2010,77,35102.0;2010,76,120521.0;2010,75,41799.0;2010,66,44778.0;2010,3897,21193.0;2010,74,11937.0;2010,73,24731.0;2010,70,72614.0;2010,69,27330.0;2010,68,22999.0;2010,67,45147.0;2010,72,185582.0;2010,64,15515.0;2010,13,95923.0;2010,63,55115.0;2010,62,70182.0;2010,221,5641.0;2010,238,29460.0;2010,84,40899.0;2010,61,16814.0;2010,60,25871.0;2010,80,8751.0;2010,355,51929.0;2010,273,20732.0;2010,462,17922.0;2010,463,10237.0;2010,464,59985.0;2010,465,43003.0;2010,466,17274.0;2010,290,70839.0;2010,450,95974.0;2010,477,29918.0;2010,436,10515.0;2010,295,47175.0;2010,275,46162.0;2010,469,58015.0;2010,467,54273.0;2010,470,27883.0;2010,471,38248.0;2010,472,55805.0;2010,276,60916.0;2010,473,46477.0;2010,474,56145.0;2010,475,75730.0;2010,476,90909.0;2010,277,65320.0;2010,34981,67515.0;2010,478,32288.0;2010,34752,16045.0;2010,318,71942.0;2010,454,17504.0;2010,34987,23012.0;2010,5398,11659.0;2010,34988,19782.0;2010,34989,20721.0;2011,114,6611.0;2011,213,74419.0;2011,113,29058.0;2011,222,13644.0;2011,215,41773.0;2011,216,61654.0;2011,110,11533.0;2011,109,12020.0;2011,142,36089.0;2011,108,22090.0;2011,107,22814.0;2011,5,123355.0;2011,220,34627.0;2011,106,113608.0;2011,105,14101.0;2011,104,7662.0;2011,103,16271.0;2011,101,39897.0;2011,100,16221.0;2011,99,57778.0;2011,98,39198.0;2011,97,31866.0;2011,96,27396.0;2011,11,71770.0;2011,95,81040.0;2011,93,18891.0;2011,226,125556.0;2011,127,46522.0;2011,111,32548.0;2011,245,79273.0;2011,92,45292.0;2011,12,43445.0;2011,91,23529.0;2011,230,276400.0;2011,232,21028.0;2011,90,59958.0;2011,89,11331.0;2011,88,51489.0;2011,87,15200.0;2011,85,71489.0;2011,83,86856.0;2011,82,17901.0;2011,81,43671.0;2011,9,113738.0;2011,141,27262.0;2011,5396,13514.0;2011,234,22857.0;2011,78,13452.0;2011,7,97274.0;2011,77,50478.0;2011,76,121228.0;2011,75,43297.0;2011,66,42704.0;2011,3897,22943.0;2011,74,12453.0;2011,73,24673.0;2011,70,71707.0;2011,69,30932.0;2011,68,23998.0;2011,67,64446.0;2011,72,220974.0;2011,64,13203.0;2011,13,92363.0;2011,63,35377.0;2011,62,96819.0;2011,221,5708.0;2011,238,29774.0;2011,84,43128.0;2011,61,15142.0;2011,60,27414.0;2011,80,6568.0;2011,355,51784.0;2011,273,19460.0;2011,462,17878.0;2011,463,10345.0;2011,464,64186.0;2011,465,39695.0;2011,466,15621.0;2011,290,68030.0;2011,450,92246.0;2011,477,26803.0;2011,436,12360.0;2011,295,44274.0;2011,275,48201.0;2011,469,61612.0;2011,467,57172.0;2011,470,27567.0;2011,471,39787.0;2011,472,56086.0;2011,276,66711.0;2011,473,55659.0;2011,474,62970.0;2011,475,75273.0;2011,476,102982.0;2011,277,68207.0;2011,34981,70278.0;2011,478,35167.0;2011,34752,16333.0;2011,318,75973.0;2011,454,17818.0;2011,34987,23272.0;2011,5398,12886.0;2011,34988,19345.0;2011,34989,20942.0;2011,15,16400.0;2011,16,59869.0;2011,17,23374.0;2011,19,7376.0;2011,20,15966.0;2011,21,63503.0;2011,22,54257.0;2011,23,57390.0;2011,24,112996.0;2011,25,45460.0;2011,26,73085.0;2011,28,61512.0;2011,29,29816.0;2011,30,65950.0;2011,4,119360.0;2011,31,32236.0;2011,32,14216.0;2011,33,28054.0;2011,34,24766.0;2011,35,38992.0;2011,36,3473.0;2011,37,42107.0;2011,39,55313.0;2011,40,15356.0;2011,41,11093.0;2011,18581,1778.0;2011,42,41146.0;2011,43,20240.0;2011,44,88946.0;2011,174,16804.0;2011,173,12271.0;2011,172,119978.0;2011,171,57481.0;2011,34845,57475.0;2011,34979,67732.0;2011,170,28591.0;2011,169,21081.0;2011,168,8289.0;2011,166,22540.0;2011,143,18969.0;2011,165,56817.0;2011,164,24700.0;2011,162,87909.0;2011,128,36918.0;2011,167,7780.0;2011,161,52170.0;2011,154,18829.0;2011,200,14000.0;2011,160,16229.0;2011,201,16672.0;2011,65,77409.0;2011,259,28181.0;2011,157,7152.0;2011,158,29539.0;2011,202,19572.0;2011,3,99732.0;2011,253,100000.0;2011,153,15771.0;2011,151,9349.0;2011,152,22867.0;2011,6,106243.0;2011,150,16458.0;2011,149,107073.0;2011,206,10094.0;2011,254,23966.0;2011,148,19976.0;2011,147,16584.0;2011,94,7055.0;2011,146,13774.0;2011,145,8109.0;2011,139,16593.0;2011,138,64976.0;2011,137,24784.0;2011,136,45652.0;2011,135,71959.0;2011,134,26077.0;2011,133,338158.0;2011,8,98033.0;2011,132,12701.0;2011,14,25807.0;2011,130,206784.0;2011,131,49841.0;2011,129,15840.0;2011,208,202135.0;2011,126,60143.0;2011,125,51684.0;2011,124,39757.0;2011,123,6344.0;2011,120,21089.0;2011,119,74896.0;2011,210,77800.0;2011,118,15475.0;2011,117,22079.0;2011,116,61320.0;2011,211,49421.0;2011,115,14037.0;2012,15,21986.0;2012,16,67290.0;2012,17,25583.0;2012,19,7770.0;2012,20,15954.0;2012,21,57346.0;2012,22,62215.0;2012,23,64654.0;2012,24,107026.0;2012,25,51029.0;2012,26,73404.0;2012,28,65838.0;2012,29,32000.0;2012,30,50407.0;2012,4,102438.0;2012,31,36613.0;2012,32,12622.0;2012,33,28422.0;2012,34,28517.0;2012,35,27451.0;2012,36,1370.0;2012,37,50057.0;2012,39,36800.0;2012,40,18386.0;2012,41,11763.0;2012,18581,1962.0;2012,42,44138.0;2012,43,17152.0;2012,44,92109.0;2012,174,17505.0;2012,173,13679.0;2012,172,107224.0;2012,171,58835.0;2012,34845,58833.0;2012,34979,63193.0;2012,170,29052.0;2012,169,21004.0;2012,168,8230.0;2012,166,23206.0;2012,143,21200.0;2012,165,43374.0;2012,164,23471.0;2012,162,77778.0;2012,128,38418.0;2012,167,7785.0;2012,161,58217.0;2012,154,20000.0;2012,200,16667.0;2012,160,15675.0;2012,201,27324.0;2012,65,77723.0;2012,259,32580.0;2012,157,7357.0;2012,158,30592.0;2012,202,19682.0;2012,3,90854.0;2012,253,100000.0;2012,153,15780.0;2012,151,10643.0;2012,152,24473.0;2012,6,104802.0;2012,150,18712.0;2012,149,104563.0;2012,206,10286.0;2012,254,25000.0;2012,148,20348.0;2012,147,12200.0;2012,94,6423.0;2012,146,13760.0;2012,145,8178.0;2012,139,15795.0;2012,138,39979.0;2012,137,25557.0;2012,136,48987.0;2012,135,61856.0;2012,134,33444.0;2012,133,255563.0;2012,8,80325.0;2012,132,11896.0;2012,14,26154.0;2012,130,105709.0;2012,131,51887.0;2012,129,17366.0;2012,208,215394.0;2012,126,60965.0;2012,125,57185.0;2012,124,38571.0;2012,123,1718.0;2012,120,21232.0;2012,119,61085.0;2012,210,80900.0;2012,118,16742.0;2012,117,21932.0;2012,116,89681.0;2012,211,52000.0;2012,115,29578.0;2012,114,6904.0;2012,213,71207.0;2012,113,31874.0;2012,222,14286.0;2012,215,32221.0;2012,216,66667.0;2012,110,7648.0;2012,109,7490.0;2012,142,36271.0;2012,108,23162.0;2012,107,25011.0;2012,5,123420.0;2012,220,46422.0;2012,106,108647.0;2012,105,13493.0;2012,104,8750.0;2012,103,15118.0;2012,101,39830.0;2012,100,16177.0;2012,99,47619.0;2012,98,30950.0;2012,97,33084.0;2012,96,28556.0;2012,11,73481.0;2012,95,83042.0;2012,93,19063.0;2012,226,124894.0;2012,127,48944.0;2012,111,12265.0;2012,245,78842.0;2012,92,21870.0;2012,12,42389.0;2012,91,22587.0;2012,230,258788.0;2012,232,21038.0;2012,90,60135.0;2012,89,16142.0;2012,88,36194.0;2012,87,22000.0;2012,85,55118.0;2012,83,70816.0;2012,82,17662.0;2012,81,44905.0;2012,258,4615.0;2012,9,109164.0;2012,141,34187.0;2012,79,16634.0;2012,234,26364.0;2012,78,13375.0;2012,7,90648.0;2012,77,42780.0;2012,76,125670.0;2012,75,43225.0;2012,66,39554.0;2012,3897,13902.0;2012,74,11914.0;2012,73,25000.0;2012,70,73884.0;2012,69,33588.0;2012,68,24991.0;2012,67,47946.0;2012,72,121122.0;2012,64,12395.0;2012,13,77439.0;2012,63,42615.0;2012,62,80357.0;2012,221,5714.0;2012,238,35161.0;2012,84,43019.0;2012,61,15799.0;2012,60,26545.0;2012,80,7799.0;2012,355,48896.0;2012,273,20199.0;2012,462,17422.0;2012,463,11322.0;2012,464,69118.0;2012,465,41716.0;2012,466,16029.0;2012,290,61777.0;2012,450,78005.0;2012,477,29350.0;2012,436,14208.0;2012,295,48443.0;2012,275,49794.0;2012,469,62443.0;2012,467,58525.0;2012,470,28482.0;2012,471,41549.0;2012,472,58201.0;2012,276,52637.0;2012,473,40282.0;2012,474,59651.0;2012,475,65012.0;2012,476,95605.0;2012,277,72027.0;2012,34981,74251.0;2012,478,32540.0;2012,34752,17105.0;2012,318,60724.0;2012,454,18416.0;2012,34987,23833.0;2012,5398,14257.0;2012,34988,19514.0;2012,34989,22060.0;2013,114,4731.0;2013,213,67957.0;2013,113,31941.0;2013,222,15000.0;2013,215,51775.0;2013,216,60000.0;2013,110,6632.0;2013,109,7506.0;2013,142,36812.0;2013,108,23958.0;2013,107,23528.0;2013,5,119446.0;2013,220,41880.0;2013,106,108209.0;2013,105,16452.0;2013,104,12326.0;2013,103,14616.0;2013,217,71903.0;2013,101,42313.0;2013,100,19708.0;2013,99,54545.0;2013,98,40000.0;2013,97,32686.0;2013,96,28776.0;2013,11,65761.0;2013,95,83149.0;2013,93,18788.0;2013,226,201833.0;2013,127,50591.0;2013,111,31042.0;2013,245,79018.0;2013,92,44941.0;2013,12,50110.0;2013,91,22845.0;2013,230,239583.0;2013,232,21017.0;2013,90,61024.0;2013,89,14428.0;2013,88,59821.0;2013,87,20999.0;2013,85,50704.0;2013,83,54145.0;2013,82,12100.0;2013,81,42466.0;2013,258,5311.0;2013,9,110524.0;2013,141,30868.0;2013,79,15997.0;2013,234,24737.0;2013,78,13702.0;2013,7,81669.0;2013,77,36470.0;2013,76,124827.0;2013,75,42242.0;2013,66,42269.0;2013,3897,23538.0;2013,74,9244.0;2013,73,24435.0;2013,70,89499.0;2013,69,36453.0;2013,68,24959.0;2013,67,64119.0;2013,72,367619.0;2013,64,13000.0;2013,13,99256.0;2013,63,56309.0;2013,62,106190.0;2013,221,6333.0;2013,238,38327.0;2013,84,44354.0;2013,61,15135.0;2013,60,25382.0;2013,80,7362.0;2013,355,54648.0;2013,273,19566.0;2013,462,17611.0;2013,463,11248.0;2013,464,65649.0;2013,465,39737.0;2013,466,15103.0;2013,290,73546.0;2013,450,99120.0;2013,477,29511.0;2013,436,13500.0;2013,295,52481.0;2013,275,50614.0;2013,469,65830.0;2013,467,59840.0;2013,470,28031.0;2013,471,41458.0;2013,472,67584.0;2013,276,63306.0;2013,473,55516.0;2013,474,67633.0;2013,475,77446.0;2013,476,83877.0;2013,277,70825.0;2013,34981,72827.0;2013,478,34662.0;2013,34752,17500.0;2013,318,68467.0;2013,454,17921.0;2013,34987,24868.0;2013,5398,14202.0;2013,34988,19435.0;2013,34989,21604.0;2013,15,21972.0;2013,16,69533.0;2013,17,33649.0;2013,19,9467.0;2013,20,15942.0;2013,21,66037.0;2013,22,67114.0;2013,23,64441.0;2013,24,81179.0;2013,25,53903.0;2013,26,74179.0;2013,28,65953.0;2013,29,28333.0;2013,30,55656.0;2013,4,111500.0;2013,31,34406.0;2013,32,13084.0;2013,33,26093.0;2013,34,21442.0;2013,35,42125.0;2013,36,849.0;2013,37,52536.0;2013,39,63943.0;2013,40,17353.0;2013,41,13218.0;2013,18581,1823.0;2013,42,43841.0;2013,43,19787.0;2013,44,95878.0;2013,174,17319.0;2013,173,12273.0;2013,172,106321.0;2013,171,60161.0;2013,34845,60159.0;2013,34979,63255.0;2013,170,28246.0;2013,169,20927.0;2013,168,8252.0;2013,166,22333.0;2013,143,21416.0;2013,165,65000.0;2013,164,23921.0;2013,162,69697.0;2013,128,37989.0;2013,167,7800.0;2013,161,59141.0;2013,154,20000.0;2013,200,16667.0;2013,160,15764.0;2013,201,23702.0;2013,65,77223.0;2013,259,29461.0;2013,157,10000.0;2013,158,32542.0;2013,202,19663.0;2013,3,81592.0;2013,253,100000.0;2013,153,15789.0;2013,151,9967.0;2013,152,24806.0;2013,6,88276.0;2013,150,17240.0;2013,149,106519.0;2013,206,10000.0;2013,254,25000.0;2013,148,20827.0;2013,147,12500.0;2013,94,4881.0;2013,146,13747.0;2013,145,8545.0;2013,139,16214.0;2013,138,54373.0;2013,137,24698.0;2013,136,48441.0;2013,135,63859.0;2013,134,42214.0;2013,133,225559.0;2013,8,86989.0;2013,132,11951.0;2013,14,27273.0;2013,130,185326.0;2013,131,52758.0;2013,129,16922.0;2013,208,200000.0;2013,126,61825.0;2013,125,57260.0;2013,124,38621.0;2013,123,8227.0;2013,120,20000.0;2013,119,73953.0;2013,210,108000.0;2013,118,16804.0;2013,117,21708.0;2013,116,88991.0;2013,211,50000.0;2013,115,23461.0;2014,15,24882.0;2014,16,69091.0;2014,17,26165.0;2014,19,10386.0;2014,20,15931.0;2014,21,68409.0;2014,22,70854.0;2014,23,74554.0;2014,24,107915.0;2014,25,54180.0;2014,26,81873.0;2014,28,69151.0;2014,29,27000.0;2014,30,53555.0;2014,4,105024.0;2014,31,36547.0;2014,32,13991.0;2014,33,30169.0;2014,34,21182.0;2014,35,47043.0;2014,36,2740.0;2014,37,51761.0;2014,39,76823.0;2014,40,19109.0;2014,41,13145.0;2014,18581,2018.0;2014,42,46168.0;2014,43,20019.0;2014,44,93647.0;2014,174,15822.0;2014,173,11640.0;2014,172,101017.0;2014,171,58091.0;2014,34845,58089.0;2014,34979,61396.0;2014,170,35651.0;2014,169,20850.0;2014,168,8275.0;2014,166,17228.0;2014,143,20188.0;2014,165,81046.0;2014,164,23058.0;2014,162,84278.0;2014,128,44173.0;2014,167,7794.0;2014,161,72178.0;2014,154,19379.0;2014,200,16260.0;2014,160,14855.0;2014,201,34336.0;2014,65,77556.0;2014,259,26064.0;2014,157,7685.0;2014,158,34210.0;2014,202,19643.0;2014,3,100500.0;2014,253,100552.0;2014,153,15799.0;2014,151,8252.0;2014,152,22993.0;2014,6,106838.0;2014,150,17291.0;2014,149,111287.0;2014,206,10028.0;2014,254,25343.0;2014,148,21194.0;2014,147,13961.0;2014,94,5697.0;2014,146,13733.0;2014,145,8279.0;2014,139,16770.0;2014,138,78185.0;2014,137,25567.0;2014,136,49540.0;2014,135,72139.0;2014,134,34205.0;2014,133,340977.0;2014,8,106208.0;2014,132,11321.0;2014,14,26774.0;2014,130,161829.0;2014,131,52820.0;2014,129,16602.0;2014,208,307532.0;2014,126,60462.0;2014,125,58033.0;2014,124,38671.0;2014,123,6786.0;2014,120,22102.0;2014,119,60526.0;2014,210,77425.0;2014,118,17022.0;2014,117,16563.0;2014,116,60975.0;2014,211,40000.0;2014,115,21715.0;2014,114,6818.0;2014,213,90580.0;2014,113,32964.0;2014,222,14309.0;2014,215,50846.0;2014,216,64939.0;2014,110,7085.0;2014,109,7967.0;2014,142,42462.0;2014,108,24754.0;2014,107,24584.0;2014,5,137419.0;2014,220,39908.0;2014,106,109890.0;2014,105,15090.0;2014,104,17602.0;2014,103,18446.0;2014,217,67772.0;2014,101,43211.0;2014,100,24527.0;2014,99,55329.0;2014,98,40000.0;2014,97,31601.0;2014,96,29756.0;2014,11,65881.0;2014,95,83331.0;2014,93,19021.0;2014,226,596667.0;2014,127,51776.0;2014,111,33485.0;2014,245,79194.0;2014,92,47870.0;2014,12,43593.0;2014,91,25009.0;2014,230,244857.0;2014,232,20995.0;2014,90,63780.0;2014,89,12212.0;2014,88,75166.0;2014,87,20444.0;2014,85,83914.0;2014,83,91491.0;2014,82,16023.0;2014,81,53009.0;2014,258,9640.0;2014,9,114114.0;2014,141,35906.0;2014,79,10619.0;2014,234,24167.0;2014,78,9364.0;2014,7,88127.0;2014,77,27246.0;2014,76,127504.0;2014,75,42454.0;2014,66,44898.0;2014,3897,27725.0;2014,74,11959.0;2014,73,23958.0;2014,70,90748.0;2014,69,35115.0;2014,68,25005.0;2014,67,61589.0;2014,72,282542.0;2014,64,16250.0;2014,13,107326.0;2014,63,43059.0;2014,62,108324.0;2014,221,6135.0;2014,238,38734.0;2014,84,44140.0;2014,61,14033.0;2014,60,27802.0;2014,80,6375.0;2014,355,56157.0;2014,273,21049.0;2014,462,17768.0;2014,463,11501.0;2014,464,67064.0;2014,465,47761.0;2014,466,17538.0;2014,290,77161.0;2014,450,106845.0;2014,477,30371.0;2014,436,13185.0;2014,295,52905.0;2014,275,50011.0;2014,469,65652.0;2014,467,57892.0;2014,470,29349.0;2014,471,42442.0;2014,472,70831.0;2014,276,68903.0;2014,473,57006.0;2014,474,64570.0;2014,475,89714.0;2014,476,102491.0;2014,277,81365.0;2014,34981,84868.0;2014,478,34723.0;2014,34752,17172.0;2014,318,80954.0;2014,454,19223.0;2014,34987,23496.0;2014,5398,14603.0;2014,34988,20345.0;2014,34989,22507.0
23755;1961,15,8085.0;1961,19,7738.0;1961,21,12939.0;1961,23,10090.0;1961,24,15315.0;1961,28,6655.0;1961,32,3050.0;1961,33,7460.0;1961,36,4475.0;1961,39,6595.0;1961,40,3168.0;1961,41,9302.0;1961,43,9444.0;1961,174,3125.0;1961,173,5542.0;1961,171,9743.0;1961,34845,9743.0;1961,34979,10453.0;1961,143,5400.0;1961,267,12375.0;1961,128,9429.0;1961,167,6786.0;1961,34982,4828.0;1961,3,13159.0;1961,151,12025.0;1961,150,6667.0;1961,149,9696.0;1961,147,14286.0;1961,94,6667.0;1961,138,4385.0;1961,137,4141.0;1961,135,10588.0;1961,134,5650.0;1961,14,15813.0;1961,129,17333.0;1961,120,5882.0;1961,211,8824.0;1961,115,6432.0;1961,114,2083.0;1961,110,3512.0;1961,109,5263.0;1961,142,2460.0;1961,108,2264.0;1961,107,9265.0;1961,104,4731.0;1961,103,6064.0;1961,101,4447.0;1961,11,12059.0;1961,95,17738.0;1961,127,4669.0;1961,91,7060.0;1961,90,10286.0;1961,89,4529.0;1961,87,16288.0;1961,81,6000.0;1961,9,16319.0;1961,141,6204.0;1961,5396,6442.0;1961,77,6244.0;1961,74,4082.0;1961,70,13265.0;1961,68,8092.0;1961,64,8056.0;1961,13,11546.0;1961,270,6989.0;1961,61,12404.0;1961,34980,10164.0;1961,60,5739.0;1961,80,4631.0;1961,355,5925.0;1961,273,5763.0;1961,462,6874.0;1961,463,6215.0;1961,464,6369.0;1961,465,3618.0;1961,466,5510.0;1961,290,12487.0;1961,450,11546.0;1961,295,12939.0;1961,275,5757.0;1961,467,9676.0;1961,470,4193.0;1961,471,2460.0;1961,472,10123.0;1961,276,7075.0;1961,473,7035.0;1961,475,12903.0;1961,476,13466.0;1961,277,10090.0;1961,34981,10090.0;1961,318,12257.0;1961,454,5491.0;1961,34987,5367.0;1961,5398,6707.0;1961,34988,4790.0;1961,34989,5471.0;1962,34979,12628.0;1962,143,6000.0;1962,267,12243.0;1962,128,9583.0;1962,167,6538.0;1962,34982,4828.0;1962,3,10744.0;1962,151,12014.0;1962,150,6500.0;1962,149,5225.0;1962,147,15714.0;1962,94,6667.0;1962,138,6377.0;1962,137,4312.0;1962,135,10588.0;1962,134,6150.0;1962,14,14908.0;1962,129,17333.0;1962,120,8824.0;1962,211,8696.0;1962,115,6730.0;1962,114,2147.0;1962,110,5198.0;1962,109,5263.0;1962,142,3318.0;1962,108,2264.0;1962,107,9444.0;1962,104,5076.0;1962,103,5684.0;1962,101,4971.0;1962,11,10345.0;1962,95,17260.0;1962,127,4847.0;1962,91,5998.0;1962,90,9867.0;1962,89,4539.0;1962,87,16646.0;1962,81,7000.0;1962,9,15972.0;1962,141,7837.0;1962,5396,6559.0;1962,77,8223.0;1962,74,3688.0;1962,70,12245.0;1962,68,8113.0;1962,64,8182.0;1962,13,11717.0;1962,270,5955.0;1962,61,12454.0;1962,34980,8215.0;1962,60,5776.0;1962,80,5830.0;1962,355,5619.0;1962,273,5767.0;1962,462,7147.0;1962,463,5781.0;1962,464,6526.0;1962,465,3454.0;1962,466,5488.0;1962,290,12820.0;1962,450,11717.0;1962,295,13505.0;1962,275,5408.0;1962,467,8211.0;1962,470,4383.0;1962,471,3318.0;1962,472,10249.0;1962,276,6018.0;1962,473,5988.0;1962,475,11667.0;1962,476,11836.0;1962,277,11012.0;1962,34981,11012.0;1962,318,10691.0;1962,454,5717.0;1962,34987,5737.0;1962,5398,6717.0;1962,34988,4932.0;1962,34989,5729.0;1962,15,8163.0;1962,19,8046.0;1962,21,13505.0;1962,23,11012.0;1962,24,15968.0;1962,28,6439.0;1962,32,3297.0;1962,33,7450.0;1962,36,5000.0;1962,39,3947.0;1962,40,4380.0;1962,41,9302.0;1962,43,7477.0;1962,174,6471.0;1962,173,5052.0;1962,171,8221.0;1962,34845,8217.0;1963,15,8235.0;1963,19,8046.0;1963,21,10630.0;1963,23,11507.0;1963,24,16043.0;1963,28,7066.0;1963,32,3587.0;1963,33,7300.0;1963,36,5000.0;1963,39,8234.0;1963,40,3835.0;1963,41,9310.0;1963,43,7632.0;1963,174,6471.0;1963,173,7133.0;1963,171,8799.0;1963,34845,8800.0;1963,34979,7383.0;1963,143,5667.0;1963,267,11999.0;1963,128,9846.0;1963,167,6538.0;1963,34982,4828.0;1963,3,12886.0;1963,151,11407.0;1963,150,6729.0;1963,149,5867.0;1963,147,12857.0;1963,94,6667.0;1963,138,7130.0;1963,137,4353.0;1963,135,10588.0;1963,134,7193.0;1963,14,16667.0;1963,129,17333.0;1963,120,7059.0;1963,211,8929.0;1963,115,5496.0;1963,114,2132.0;1963,110,6369.0;1963,109,5263.0;1963,142,3874.0;1963,108,2268.0;1963,107,9275.0;1963,104,5146.0;1963,103,6618.0;1963,101,4885.0;1963,11,11111.0;1963,95,17241.0;1963,127,5295.0;1963,91,6700.0;1963,90,9868.0;1963,89,4664.0;1963,87,16159.0;1963,81,5500.0;1963,9,15956.0;1963,141,6129.0;1963,5396,6347.0;1963,77,8540.0;1963,74,4863.0;1963,70,12245.0;1963,68,8144.0;1963,64,7978.0;1963,13,12500.0;1963,270,4257.0;1963,61,10134.0;1963,34980,9980.0;1963,60,5508.0;1963,80,5952.0;1963,355,5717.0;1963,273,6054.0;1963,462,7179.0;1963,463,7269.0;1963,464,6349.0;1963,465,3083.0;1963,466,5748.0;1963,290,11370.0;1963,450,12500.0;1963,295,10630.0;1963,275,5707.0;1963,467,8785.0;1963,470,4413.0;1963,471,3874.0;1963,472,10028.0;1963,276,4388.0;1963,473,4322.0;1963,475,13141.0;1963,476,13492.0;1963,277,11507.0;1963,34981,11507.0;1963,318,11456.0;1963,454,5664.0;1963,34987,5661.0;1963,5398,6735.0;1963,34988,5074.0;1963,34989,5678.0;1964,34979,11161.0;1964,143,6167.0;1964,267,12009.0;1964,128,9583.0;1964,167,6667.0;1964,34982,4952.0;1964,3,10684.0;1964,151,11242.0;1964,150,6726.0;1964,149,8182.0;1964,147,14286.0;1964,94,6667.0;1964,138,10146.0;1964,137,4501.0;1964,135,10588.0;1964,134,8860.0;1964,14,15387.0;1964,129,17333.0;1964,120,5882.0;1964,211,9091.0;1964,115,6859.0;1964,114,2132.0;1964,110,5500.0;1964,109,5263.0;1964,142,2836.0;1964,108,2273.0;1964,107,9130.0;1964,104,5703.0;1964,103,6164.0;1964,101,4896.0;1964,11,12273.0;1964,95,17256.0;1964,127,5404.0;1964,91,5731.0;1964,90,10000.0;1964,89,4863.0;1964,87,16307.0;1964,81,5000.0;1964,9,17224.0;1964,141,6788.0;1964,5396,5902.0;1964,77,8936.0;1964,74,5179.0;1964,70,12927.0;1964,68,8129.0;1964,64,6050.0;1964,13,12526.0;1964,270,9017.0;1964,61,10914.0;1964,34980,8967.0;1964,60,5833.0;1964,80,5952.0;1964,355,6295.0;1964,273,6041.0;1964,462,7009.0;1964,463,6454.0;1964,464,5895.0;1964,465,2930.0;1964,466,5860.0;1964,290,11729.0;1964,450,12526.0;1964,295,11277.0;1964,275,5989.0;1964,467,9791.0;1964,470,4556.0;1964,471,2836.0;1964,472,10470.0;1964,276,9060.0;1964,473,9037.0;1964,475,12691.0;1964,476,12186.0;1964,277,9610.0;1964,34981,9610.0;1964,318,12458.0;1964,454,5878.0;1964,34987,6047.0;1964,5398,6752.0;1964,34988,5125.0;1964,34989,5850.0;1964,15,8302.0;1964,19,8333.0;1964,21,11277.0;1964,23,9610.0;1964,24,19223.0;1964,28,7485.0;1964,32,3366.0;1964,33,7304.0;1964,36,8951.0;1964,39,6844.0;1964,40,4687.0;1964,41,9318.0;1964,43,7632.0;1964,174,6111.0;1964,173,5888.0;1964,171,9860.0;1964,34845,9859.0;1965,15,8364.0;1965,19,7317.0;1965,21,9843.0;1965,23,11091.0;1965,24,14873.0;1965,28,9585.0;1965,32,3432.0;1965,33,7243.0;1965,36,2045.0;1965,39,3851.0;1965,40,3938.0;1965,41,9412.0;1965,43,7477.0;1965,174,7857.0;1965,173,5093.0;1965,171,9452.0;1965,34845,9451.0;1965,34979,10667.0;1965,143,5583.0;1965,267,12009.0;1965,128,10000.0;1965,167,6667.0;1965,34982,5000.0;1965,3,11522.0;1965,151,10727.0;1965,150,4767.0;1965,149,9301.0;1965,147,14286.0;1965,94,7222.0;1965,138,6393.0;1965,137,3451.0;1965,135,10588.0;1965,134,8058.0;1965,14,15907.0;1965,129,17333.0;1965,120,5882.0;1965,211,9211.0;1965,115,7709.0;1965,114,1923.0;1965,110,5029.0;1965,109,5263.0;1965,142,3185.0;1965,108,2250.0;1965,107,12000.0;1965,104,4362.0;1965,103,5897.0;1965,101,4405.0;1965,11,12000.0;1965,95,17204.0;1965,127,4908.0;1965,91,5665.0;1965,90,10000.0;1965,89,4779.0;1965,87,16000.0;1965,81,6000.0;1965,9,19284.0;1965,141,7165.0;1965,5396,4160.0;1965,77,9628.0;1965,74,4726.0;1965,70,13333.0;1965,68,9001.0;1965,64,6859.0;1965,13,12727.0;1965,270,6240.0;1965,61,10064.0;1965,34980,7544.0;1965,60,5950.0;1965,80,6487.0;1965,355,5358.0;1965,273,5634.0;1965,462,7580.0;1965,463,5772.0;1965,464,4188.0;1965,465,2970.0;1965,466,5406.0;1965,290,11179.0;1965,450,12727.0;1965,295,9843.0;1965,275,5067.0;1965,467,9396.0;1965,470,3567.0;1965,471,3185.0;1965,472,10555.0;1965,276,6322.0;1965,473,6286.0;1965,475,12037.0;1965,476,12859.0;1965,277,11091.0;1965,34981,11091.0;1965,318,11095.0;1965,454,5435.0;1965,34987,5678.0;1965,5398,7303.0;1965,34988,4371.0;1965,34989,5413.0;1966,34979,10091.0;1966,143,6000.0;1966,267,12504.0;1966,128,10000.0;1966,167,6665.0;1966,34982,4948.0;1966,3,15581.0;1966,151,9576.0;1966,150,5887.0;1966,149,9060.0;1966,147,14286.0;1966,94,6250.0;1966,138,6391.0;1966,137,3964.0;1966,135,8182.0;1966,134,9195.0;1966,14,15385.0;1966,129,18378.0;1966,120,7059.0;1966,211,9133.0;1966,115,7370.0;1966,114,2092.0;1966,110,3821.0;1966,109,5263.0;1966,142,2675.0;1966,108,2222.0;1966,107,12000.0;1966,104,4830.0;1966,103,4299.0;1966,101,4432.0;1966,11,12273.0;1966,95,17217.0;1966,127,5997.0;1966,91,6000.0;1966,90,9877.0;1966,89,4065.0;1966,87,14706.0;1966,81,6000.0;1966,9,20476.0;1966,141,5511.0;1966,5396,4644.0;1966,77,5432.0;1966,74,4518.0;1966,70,13333.0;1966,68,9073.0;1966,64,6690.0;1966,13,12745.0;1966,270,8764.0;1966,61,9044.0;1966,34980,15962.0;1966,60,6048.0;1966,80,5405.0;1966,355,6244.0;1966,273,5149.0;1966,462,7381.0;1966,463,6733.0;1966,464,4643.0;1966,465,2923.0;1966,466,4658.0;1966,290,11924.0;1966,450,12745.0;1966,295,11411.0;1966,275,6346.0;1966,467,12725.0;1966,470,4050.0;1966,471,2675.0;1966,472,9772.0;1966,276,8822.0;1966,473,8779.0;1966,475,16699.0;1966,476,18100.0;1966,277,8629.0;1966,34981,8629.0;1966,318,11750.0;1966,454,5567.0;1966,34987,5870.0;1966,5398,6354.0;1966,34988,4470.0;1966,34989,5533.0;1966,15,8421.0;1966,19,8046.0;1966,21,11411.0;1966,23,8629.0;1966,24,19328.0;1966,28,9538.0;1966,32,3538.0;1966,33,7200.0;1966,36,4233.0;1966,39,11711.0;1966,40,3875.0;1966,41,9205.0;1966,43,8362.0;1966,174,7500.0;1966,173,6061.0;1966,171,12855.0;1966,34845,12857.0;1967,15,8475.0;1967,19,8333.0;1967,21,11902.0;1967,23,12155.0;1967,24,18850.0;1967,28,8886.0;1967,32,3808.0;1967,33,7184.0;1967,36,3997.0;1967,39,8982.0;1967,40,3629.0;1967,41,9222.0;1967,43,7212.0;1967,174,6429.0;1967,173,6106.0;1967,171,12856.0;1967,34845,12857.0;1967,34979,11998.0;1967,143,5068.0;1967,267,20202.0;1967,128,9091.0;1967,167,5837.0;1967,34982,4973.0;1967,3,15679.0;1967,151,10364.0;1967,150,5946.0;1967,149,10000.0;1967,147,14857.0;1967,94,6417.0;1967,138,6408.0;1967,137,4498.0;1967,135,6667.0;1967,134,10318.0;1967,14,15563.0;1967,129,18800.0;1967,120,7059.0;1967,211,8964.0;1967,115,8016.0;1967,114,2092.0;1967,110,4697.0;1967,109,5263.0;1967,142,2677.0;1967,108,2200.0;1967,107,11107.0;1967,104,5362.0;1967,103,5908.0;1967,101,4530.0;1967,11,12857.0;1967,95,17225.0;1967,127,4883.0;1967,91,6000.0;1967,90,10000.0;1967,89,5261.0;1967,87,13846.0;1967,81,6000.0;1967,9,22376.0;1967,141,6180.0;1967,5396,6037.0;1967,77,10155.0;1967,74,4000.0;1967,70,13095.0;1967,68,9371.0;1967,64,6061.0;1967,13,12963.0;1967,270,7785.0;1967,61,13750.0;1967,34980,15739.0;1967,60,6048.0;1967,80,4722.0;1967,355,6592.0;1967,273,5933.0;1967,462,7350.0;1967,463,6562.0;1967,464,6026.0;1967,465,2970.0;1967,466,5663.0;1967,290,12289.0;1967,450,12963.0;1967,295,11902.0;1967,275,6644.0;1967,467,12708.0;1967,470,4552.0;1967,471,2677.0;1967,472,11363.0;1967,276,7857.0;1967,473,7815.0;1967,475,16614.0;1967,476,17820.0;1967,277,12155.0;1967,34981,12155.0;1967,318,12934.0;1967,454,5996.0;1967,34987,6134.0;1967,5398,6475.0;1967,34988,5087.0;1967,34989,5897.0;1968,34979,12469.0;1968,143,4861.0;1968,267,14230.0;1968,128,9800.0;1968,167,6250.0;1968,34982,5042.0;1968,3,17324.0;1968,151,10491.0;1968,150,5211.0;1968,149,10643.0;1968,147,14286.0;1968,94,5909.0;1968,138,6359.0;1968,137,3810.0;1968,135,10556.0;1968,134,9952.0;1968,14,17946.0;1968,129,17568.0;1968,120,7059.0;1968,211,8333.0;1968,115,7303.0;1968,114,2185.0;1968,110,8833.0;1968,109,5263.0;1968,142,3089.0;1968,108,2286.0;1968,107,11158.0;1968,104,3866.0;1968,103,5876.0;1968,101,4484.0;1968,11,13158.0;1968,95,17241.0;1968,127,6702.0;1968,91,4500.0;1968,90,8118.0;1968,89,3966.0;1968,87,13333.0;1968,81,6818.0;1968,9,27301.0;1968,141,6048.0;1968,5396,4406.0;1968,77,9089.0;1968,74,5663.0;1968,70,13250.0;1968,68,9984.0;1968,64,6119.0;1968,13,13253.0;1968,270,8033.0;1968,61,14286.0;1968,34980,17366.0;1968,60,6000.0;1968,80,5263.0;1968,355,6198.0;1968,273,5717.0;1968,462,7711.0;1968,463,6556.0;1968,464,4457.0;1968,465,3346.0;1968,466,5378.0;1968,290,11785.0;1968,450,13253.0;1968,295,10888.0;1968,275,6126.0;1968,467,12373.0;1968,470,3909.0;1968,471,3089.0;1968,472,10161.0;1968,276,8117.0;1968,473,8063.0;1968,475,18061.0;1968,476,21322.0;1968,277,10203.0;1968,34981,10203.0;1968,318,13653.0;1968,454,5676.0;1968,34987,5993.0;1968,5398,5948.0;1968,34988,4614.0;1968,34989,5631.0;1968,15,8814.0;1968,19,8462.0;1968,21,10888.0;1968,23,10203.0;1968,24,22513.0;1968,28,7986.0;1968,32,3934.0;1968,33,7170.0;1968,36,6242.0;1968,39,10875.0;1968,40,6005.0;1968,41,9444.0;1968,43,6800.0;1968,174,5833.0;1968,173,6168.0;1968,171,12500.0;1968,34845,12500.0;1969,15,8571.0;1969,19,8571.0;1969,21,9919.0;1969,23,6715.0;1969,24,22480.0;1969,28,7959.0;1969,32,3564.0;1969,33,7170.0;1969,36,6554.0;1969,39,14664.0;1969,40,4399.0;1969,41,9333.0;1969,43,7344.0;1969,174,8182.0;1969,173,6752.0;1969,171,12319.0;1969,34845,12319.0;1969,34979,13233.0;1969,143,5116.0;1969,267,14295.0;1969,128,9474.0;1969,167,6471.0;1969,34982,5066.0;1969,3,18607.0;1969,151,9509.0;1969,150,5017.0;1969,149,10197.0;1969,147,14286.0;1969,94,5455.0;1969,138,7925.0;1969,137,4586.0;1969,135,7500.0;1969,134,9321.0;1969,14,16867.0;1969,129,16000.0;1969,120,7059.0;1969,211,7125.0;1969,115,8216.0;1969,114,2280.0;1969,110,2987.0;1969,109,5263.0;1969,142,3042.0;1969,108,2273.0;1969,107,11135.0;1969,104,4822.0;1969,103,6280.0;1969,101,4802.0;1969,11,12174.0;1969,95,17241.0;1969,127,7994.0;1969,91,5000.0;1969,90,11712.0;1969,89,5681.0;1969,87,12069.0;1969,81,6818.0;1969,9,28716.0;1969,141,7823.0;1969,5396,6125.0;1969,77,8357.0;1969,74,6375.0;1969,70,14249.0;1969,68,11462.0;1969,64,6473.0;1969,13,13248.0;1969,270,8960.0;1969,61,20000.0;1969,34980,15328.0;1969,60,6299.0;1969,80,4595.0;1969,355,6703.0;1969,273,6227.0;1969,462,8217.0;1969,463,7126.0;1969,464,6090.0;1969,465,3287.0;1969,466,5855.0;1969,290,11159.0;1969,450,13248.0;1969,295,9919.0;1969,275,6600.0;1969,467,12240.0;1969,470,4653.0;1969,471,3042.0;1969,472,13456.0;1969,276,9018.0;1969,473,8983.0;1969,475,17331.0;1969,476,21300.0;1969,277,6715.0;1969,34981,6715.0;1969,318,13071.0;1969,454,6348.0;1969,34987,6338.0;1969,5398,5467.0;1969,34988,5293.0;1969,34989,6262.0;1970,34979,13304.0;1970,143,4545.0;1970,267,14492.0;1970,128,10000.0;1970,167,7346.0;1970,34982,5091.0;1970,3,14900.0;1970,151,10983.0;1970,150,5673.0;1970,149,8182.0;1970,147,13714.0;1970,94,5455.0;1970,138,8492.0;1970,137,6035.0;1970,135,8000.0;1970,134,10420.0;1970,14,18333.0;1970,129,17333.0;1970,120,7059.0;1970,211,8885.0;1970,115,7583.0;1970,114,1908.0;1970,110,8571.0;1970,109,5263.0;1970,142,3007.0;1970,108,2273.0;1970,107,11264.0;1970,104,3770.0;1970,103,6253.0;1970,101,4733.0;1970,11,11818.0;1970,95,15000.0;1970,127,7811.0;1970,91,6999.0;1970,90,11818.0;1970,89,3815.0;1970,87,11224.0;1970,81,6818.0;1970,9,25833.0;1970,141,5456.0;1970,5396,6023.0;1970,77,5237.0;1970,74,5829.0;1970,70,12349.0;1970,68,13454.0;1970,64,7266.0;1970,13,13274.0;1970,270,7172.0;1970,61,15902.0;1970,34980,15476.0;1970,60,5760.0;1970,80,5641.0;1970,355,7375.0;1970,273,5943.0;1970,462,8926.0;1970,463,6899.0;1970,464,6050.0;1970,465,2750.0;1970,466,5417.0;1970,290,11252.0;1970,450,13274.0;1970,295,9515.0;1970,275,8024.0;1970,467,14007.0;1970,470,6029.0;1970,471,3007.0;1970,472,11794.0;1970,276,7259.0;1970,473,7217.0;1970,475,15714.0;1970,476,20422.0;1970,277,8971.0;1970,34981,8971.0;1970,318,12199.0;1970,454,5813.0;1970,34987,5933.0;1970,5398,5534.0;1970,34988,6024.0;1970,34989,5757.0;1970,15,8485.0;1970,19,8387.0;1970,21,9515.0;1970,23,8971.0;1970,24,26006.0;1970,28,7819.0;1970,32,3006.0;1970,33,7222.0;1970,36,702.0;1970,39,9636.0;1970,40,4696.0;1970,41,8800.0;1970,43,6783.0;1970,174,7500.0;1970,173,6546.0;1970,171,14109.0;1970,34845,14110.0;1971,15,8286.0;1971,19,8387.0;1971,21,12091.0;1971,23,11595.0;1971,24,27173.0;1971,28,7686.0;1971,32,4725.0;1971,33,7273.0;1971,36,2059.0;1971,39,11921.0;1971,40,3668.0;1971,41,8818.0;1971,43,6746.0;1971,174,8333.0;1971,173,5791.0;1971,171,13571.0;1971,34845,13571.0;1971,34979,12433.0;1971,143,5000.0;1971,267,14400.0;1971,128,9333.0;1971,167,6906.0;1971,34982,5115.0;1971,3,15444.0;1971,151,10983.0;1971,150,5659.0;1971,149,13175.0;1971,147,14857.0;1971,94,5000.0;1971,138,8871.0;1971,137,4925.0;1971,135,7143.0;1971,134,8793.0;1971,14,16667.0;1971,129,17105.0;1971,120,5648.0;1971,211,7556.0;1971,115,7943.0;1971,114,1124.0;1971,110,6789.0;1971,109,5263.0;1971,142,2651.0;1971,108,2250.0;1971,107,11286.0;1971,104,4070.0;1971,103,5918.0;1971,101,4743.0;1971,11,12778.0;1971,95,17241.0;1971,127,8171.0;1971,91,6905.0;1971,90,10695.0;1971,89,5550.0;1971,87,11207.0;1971,81,6818.0;1971,9,15000.0;1971,141,5984.0;1971,5396,5050.0;1971,77,7695.0;1971,74,6970.0;1971,70,14878.0;1971,68,9078.0;1971,64,6136.0;1971,13,13198.0;1971,270,7843.0;1971,61,17500.0;1971,34980,14444.0;1971,60,6495.0;1971,80,4737.0;1971,355,6835.0;1971,273,5668.0;1971,462,7303.0;1971,463,6392.0;1971,464,5064.0;1971,465,2805.0;1971,466,5415.0;1971,290,12528.0;1971,450,13198.0;1971,295,12091.0;1971,275,7258.0;1971,467,13487.0;1971,470,4973.0;1971,471,2651.0;1971,472,12205.0;1971,276,7930.0;1971,473,7884.0;1971,475,15900.0;1971,476,21732.0;1971,277,11595.0;1971,34981,11595.0;1971,318,13735.0;1971,454,5617.0;1971,34987,5447.0;1971,5398,5023.0;1971,34988,5282.0;1971,34989,5583.0;1972,34979,12684.0;1972,143,4138.0;1972,267,14851.0;1972,128,9444.0;1972,167,7143.0;1972,34982,5163.0;1972,3,14125.0;1972,151,10723.0;1972,150,5615.0;1972,149,11231.0;1972,147,14857.0;1972,94,5000.0;1972,138,19041.0;1972,137,4022.0;1972,135,8000.0;1972,134,9233.0;1972,14,13333.0;1972,129,17532.0;1972,120,10379.0;1972,211,7667.0;1972,115,6685.0;1972,114,1077.0;1972,110,5882.0;1972,109,5263.0;1972,142,2460.0;1972,108,2250.0;1972,107,11209.0;1972,104,4187.0;1972,103,6480.0;1972,101,4971.0;1972,11,12000.0;1972,95,17241.0;1972,127,8821.0;1972,91,7000.0;1972,90,5169.0;1972,89,3200.0;1972,87,11186.0;1972,81,6818.0;1972,9,20000.0;1972,141,6387.0;1972,5396,3191.0;1972,77,7844.0;1972,74,9264.0;1972,70,13684.0;1972,68,11952.0;1972,64,6419.0;1972,13,13198.0;1972,270,7159.0;1972,61,15841.0;1972,34980,12759.0;1972,60,6416.0;1972,80,4324.0;1972,355,5861.0;1972,273,5522.0;1972,462,7796.0;1972,463,5499.0;1972,464,3213.0;1972,465,2789.0;1972,466,5401.0;1972,290,10966.0;1972,450,13198.0;1972,295,9067.0;1972,275,5828.0;1972,467,10743.0;1972,470,4124.0;1972,471,2460.0;1972,472,11849.0;1972,276,7235.0;1972,473,7195.0;1972,475,15301.0;1972,476,23588.0;1972,277,10855.0;1972,34981,10855.0;1972,318,14351.0;1972,454,5169.0;1972,34987,5467.0;1972,5398,5007.0;1972,34988,4677.0;1972,34989,5214.0;1972,15,8333.0;1972,19,8387.0;1972,21,9067.0;1972,23,10855.0;1972,24,32381.0;1972,28,7472.0;1972,32,3353.0;1972,33,7455.0;1972,36,400.0;1972,39,8416.0;1972,40,3734.0;1972,41,8994.0;1972,43,7080.0;1972,174,7692.0;1972,173,4269.0;1972,171,10771.0;1972,34845,10769.0;1973,15,8108.0;1973,19,8387.0;1973,21,11439.0;1973,23,9573.0;1973,24,29255.0;1973,28,7254.0;1973,32,4407.0;1973,33,7500.0;1973,36,1400.0;1973,39,11401.0;1973,40,3509.0;1973,41,9676.0;1973,43,6471.0;1973,174,7857.0;1973,173,4599.0;1973,171,11667.0;1973,34845,11667.0;1973,34979,12329.0;1973,143,5000.0;1973,267,15411.0;1973,128,9500.0;1973,167,7289.0;1973,34982,6000.0;1973,3,21000.0;1973,151,10983.0;1973,150,5656.0;1973,149,16117.0;1973,147,14286.0;1973,94,5833.0;1973,138,19295.0;1973,137,5540.0;1973,135,10000.0;1973,134,8613.0;1973,14,16667.0;1973,129,17532.0;1973,120,10000.0;1973,211,9525.0;1973,115,6365.0;1973,114,1124.0;1973,110,6809.0;1973,109,5263.0;1973,142,2497.0;1973,108,2240.0;1973,107,11334.0;1973,104,3122.0;1973,103,6714.0;1973,101,4795.0;1973,11,12500.0;1973,127,8390.0;1973,91,7063.0;1973,90,5668.0;1973,89,4336.0;1973,87,11356.0;1973,81,6818.0;1973,9,14000.0;1973,141,6107.0;1973,5396,2500.0;1973,77,5799.0;1973,74,7277.0;1973,70,12110.0;1973,68,10110.0;1973,64,5273.0;1973,13,12500.0;1973,270,14281.0;1973,61,15902.0;1973,34980,15417.0;1973,60,6482.0;1973,80,5263.0;1973,355,6977.0;1973,273,5582.0;1973,462,7874.0;1973,463,5698.0;1973,464,2524.0;1973,465,2828.0;1973,466,5579.0;1973,290,11785.0;1973,450,12500.0;1973,295,11439.0;1973,275,6882.0;1973,467,11621.0;1973,470,5562.0;1973,471,2497.0;1973,472,11346.0;1973,276,14285.0;1973,473,14276.0;1973,475,15334.0;1973,476,25828.0;1973,277,9573.0;1973,34981,9573.0;1973,318,14769.0;1973,454,4838.0;1973,34987,5079.0;1973,5398,6064.0;1973,34988,5589.0;1973,34989,4910.0;1974,34979,15504.0;1974,143,5172.0;1974,267,11396.0;1974,128,9625.0;1974,167,7463.0;1974,34982,6000.0;1974,3,21000.0;1974,151,9737.0;1974,150,6949.0;1974,149,18467.0;1974,147,13714.0;1974,94,5000.0;1974,138,20224.0;1974,137,3854.0;1974,135,10000.0;1974,134,7485.0;1974,14,13333.0;1974,129,16457.0;1974,120,10500.0;1974,211,9863.0;1974,115,7002.0;1974,114,1827.0;1974,110,6744.0;1974,109,5263.0;1974,142,2789.0;1974,108,2240.0;1974,107,11368.0;1974,104,3958.0;1974,103,9327.0;1974,101,4865.0;1974,11,10000.0;1974,127,9255.0;1974,91,5088.0;1974,90,3228.0;1974,89,6395.0;1974,87,11333.0;1974,81,6818.0;1974,9,18333.0;1974,141,5420.0;1974,5396,3713.0;1974,77,5392.0;1974,74,7266.0;1974,70,13333.0;1974,68,11588.0;1974,64,6355.0;1974,13,12195.0;1974,270,9007.0;1974,61,15857.0;1974,34980,15500.0;1974,60,6470.0;1974,80,4571.0;1974,355,6554.0;1974,273,6894.0;1974,462,8259.0;1974,463,6750.0;1974,464,3737.0;1974,465,2994.0;1974,466,7109.0;1974,290,11324.0;1974,450,12195.0;1974,295,10980.0;1974,275,6025.0;1974,467,12447.0;1974,470,3958.0;1974,471,2789.0;1974,472,10025.0;1974,276,9038.0;1974,473,9020.0;1974,475,16588.0;1974,476,24976.0;1974,277,8829.0;1974,34981,8829.0;1974,318,13059.0;1974,454,5584.0;1974,34987,5524.0;1974,5398,5304.0;1974,34988,5193.0;1974,34989,5584.0;1974,15,8158.0;1974,19,8602.0;1974,21,10980.0;1974,23,8829.0;1974,24,27913.0;1974,28,6757.0;1974,32,3617.0;1974,33,7544.0;1974,36,4000.0;1974,39,4092.0;1974,40,3933.0;1974,41,8171.0;1974,43,8077.0;1974,174,6000.0;1974,173,5934.0;1974,171,12502.0;1974,34845,12500.0;1975,15,8000.0;1975,19,8065.0;1975,21,10288.0;1975,23,9758.0;1975,28,6809.0;1975,32,3846.0;1975,33,8302.0;1975,36,4000.0;1975,39,5897.0;1975,40,4235.0;1975,41,9284.0;1975,43,8306.0;1975,174,6429.0;1975,173,5249.0;1975,171,12265.0;1975,34845,12264.0;1975,34979,14019.0;1975,143,6163.0;1975,267,16370.0;1975,128,10000.0;1975,167,7246.0;1975,34982,7621.0;1975,3,17222.0;1975,151,8600.0;1975,150,6135.0;1975,149,14210.0;1975,147,13714.0;1975,94,5000.0;1975,138,17623.0;1975,137,5540.0;1975,135,10000.0;1975,134,8927.0;1975,14,13158.0;1975,129,16385.0;1975,120,10500.0;1975,211,8887.0;1975,115,7940.0;1975,114,2394.0;1975,110,7250.0;1975,109,4000.0;1975,142,2787.0;1975,108,2308.0;1975,107,11362.0;1975,104,3434.0;1975,103,7673.0;1975,101,4935.0;1975,11,7594.0;1975,127,9924.0;1975,91,5663.0;1975,90,2916.0;1975,89,5984.0;1975,87,11500.0;1975,81,6818.0;1975,9,27000.0;1975,141,5069.0;1975,5396,3678.0;1975,77,6374.0;1975,74,7746.0;1975,70,16000.0;1975,68,14085.0;1975,64,8409.0;1975,13,12102.0;1975,270,3731.0;1975,61,16003.0;1975,34980,16993.0;1975,60,6091.0;1975,80,5000.0;1975,355,6646.0;1975,273,6483.0;1975,462,9503.0;1975,463,6276.0;1975,464,3704.0;1975,465,3025.0;1975,466,6391.0;1975,290,10810.0;1975,450,12102.0;1975,295,10288.0;1975,275,6992.0;1975,467,12224.0;1975,470,5568.0;1975,471,2787.0;1975,472,10677.0;1975,276,3803.0;1975,473,3779.0;1975,475,19040.0;1975,476,17222.0;1975,277,9758.0;1975,34981,9758.0;1975,318,12012.0;1975,454,5853.0;1975,34987,5870.0;1975,5398,5584.0;1975,34988,5957.0;1975,34989,5825.0;1976,34979,12036.0;1976,143,5493.0;1976,267,15301.0;1976,128,10429.0;1976,167,7449.0;1976,34982,10011.0;1976,3,11429.0;1976,151,9250.0;1976,150,5916.0;1976,149,20078.0;1976,147,14286.0;1976,94,5385.0;1976,138,15941.0;1976,137,5383.0;1976,135,10000.0;1976,134,8007.0;1976,14,13846.0;1976,129,16000.0;1976,120,11500.0;1976,211,8125.0;1976,115,5652.0;1976,114,2967.0;1976,110,7442.0;1976,109,4000.0;1976,142,3334.0;1976,108,2308.0;1976,107,11334.0;1976,104,4033.0;1976,103,7361.0;1976,101,4796.0;1976,127,10786.0;1976,91,5747.0;1976,90,5043.0;1976,89,5789.0;1976,87,10000.0;1976,81,6818.0;1976,9,26667.0;1976,141,5387.0;1976,5396,3984.0;1976,77,7970.0;1976,74,8207.0;1976,70,14783.0;1976,68,11559.0;1976,64,11250.0;1976,13,12143.0;1976,270,9807.0;1976,61,12767.0;1976,34980,14286.0;1976,60,6367.0;1976,80,5135.0;1976,355,6835.0;1976,273,6145.0;1976,462,9520.0;1976,463,5600.0;1976,464,4010.0;1976,465,2994.0;1976,466,5905.0;1976,290,12598.0;1976,450,12143.0;1976,295,12736.0;1976,275,6762.0;1976,467,12297.0;1976,470,5418.0;1976,471,3334.0;1976,472,10303.0;1976,276,9826.0;1976,473,9815.0;1976,475,19397.0;1976,476,11429.0;1976,277,9681.0;1976,34981,9681.0;1976,318,16045.0;1976,454,5678.0;1976,34987,5301.0;1976,5398,5418.0;1976,34988,5741.0;1976,34989,5654.0;1976,15,9524.0;1976,19,8602.0;1976,21,12736.0;1976,23,9681.0;1976,28,6671.0;1976,32,4171.0;1976,33,7541.0;1976,36,3500.0;1976,39,8158.0;1976,40,4288.0;1976,41,9600.0;1976,43,7477.0;1976,174,6000.0;1976,173,4500.0;1976,171,12333.0;1976,34845,12333.0;1977,15,8140.0;1977,19,6250.0;1977,21,13333.0;1977,23,7797.0;1977,28,6908.0;1977,32,4349.0;1977,33,7869.0;1977,36,3000.0;1977,39,9644.0;1977,40,3941.0;1977,41,9091.0;1977,43,7523.0;1977,174,6923.0;1977,173,4839.0;1977,171,13726.0;1977,34845,13728.0;1977,34979,10328.0;1977,143,5556.0;1977,267,13889.0;1977,128,10308.0;1977,167,7421.0;1977,34982,8662.0;1977,3,21462.0;1977,151,8308.0;1977,150,6010.0;1977,149,13920.0;1977,147,13714.0;1977,94,6154.0;1977,138,12034.0;1977,137,5288.0;1977,135,10000.0;1977,134,6979.0;1977,14,12941.0;1977,129,16000.0;1977,120,11500.0;1977,211,7667.0;1977,115,5106.0;1977,114,2051.0;1977,110,7442.0;1977,109,4000.0;1977,142,3436.0;1977,108,2370.0;1977,107,10692.0;1977,104,4143.0;1977,103,8349.0;1977,101,4966.0;1977,127,12012.0;1977,91,6016.0;1977,90,3952.0;1977,89,4136.0;1977,87,10000.0;1977,81,6818.0;1977,9,18000.0;1977,141,5695.0;1977,5396,3899.0;1977,77,9518.0;1977,74,7338.0;1977,70,14500.0;1977,68,10959.0;1977,64,7257.0;1977,13,12222.0;1977,270,6070.0;1977,61,15200.0;1977,34980,12200.0;1977,60,6465.0;1977,80,5263.0;1977,355,6597.0;1977,273,5932.0;1977,462,8442.0;1977,463,5523.0;1977,464,3922.0;1977,465,2994.0;1977,466,5832.0;1977,290,13089.0;1977,450,12222.0;1977,295,13333.0;1977,275,6927.0;1977,467,13671.0;1977,470,5328.0;1977,471,3436.0;1977,472,11110.0;1977,276,6096.0;1977,473,6082.0;1977,475,13740.0;1977,476,21462.0;1977,277,7797.0;1977,34981,7797.0;1977,318,13466.0;1977,454,5177.0;1977,34987,5168.0;1977,5398,6164.0;1977,34988,5603.0;1977,34989,5216.0;1978,34979,13001.0;1978,143,5718.0;1978,267,13699.0;1978,128,10769.0;1978,167,7371.0;1978,34982,8917.0;1978,3,23692.0;1978,151,9950.0;1978,150,5924.0;1978,149,20500.0;1978,147,12857.0;1978,94,5000.0;1978,138,16468.0;1978,137,5764.0;1978,135,10000.0;1978,134,7384.0;1978,14,12941.0;1978,129,16049.0;1978,120,11500.0;1978,117,7000.0;1978,211,7600.0;1978,115,9579.0;1978,114,1620.0;1978,110,7500.0;1978,109,3500.0;1978,142,3385.0;1978,108,2370.0;1978,107,10788.0;1978,104,4117.0;1978,103,10497.0;1978,101,4819.0;1978,127,12055.0;1978,91,6104.0;1978,90,3868.0;1978,89,7071.0;1978,87,10000.0;1978,81,6818.0;1978,9,19625.0;1978,141,6031.0;1978,5396,4247.0;1978,77,9308.0;1978,74,3764.0;1978,70,14430.0;1978,68,11000.0;1978,64,8545.0;1978,13,12176.0;1978,270,6943.0;1978,61,15200.0;1978,34980,19369.0;1978,60,5130.0;1978,80,5128.0;1978,355,7281.0;1978,273,6759.0;1978,462,8652.0;1978,463,5666.0;1978,464,4269.0;1978,465,2964.0;1978,466,6935.0;1978,290,13260.0;1978,450,12176.0;1978,295,13525.0;1978,275,7500.0;1978,467,15262.0;1978,470,5777.0;1978,471,3385.0;1978,472,11042.0;1978,276,6973.0;1978,473,6954.0;1978,475,19778.0;1978,476,23692.0;1978,277,6573.0;1978,34981,6573.0;1978,318,15466.0;1978,454,5914.0;1978,34987,5699.0;1978,5398,5005.0;1978,34988,6190.0;1978,34989,5872.0;1978,15,8571.0;1978,19,6250.0;1978,21,13525.0;1978,23,6573.0;1978,28,6841.0;1978,32,2537.0;1978,33,7937.0;1978,36,2500.0;1978,39,2366.0;1978,40,4923.0;1978,41,9565.0;1978,43,8095.0;1978,174,6429.0;1978,173,4868.0;1978,171,15334.0;1978,34845,15336.0;1979,15,8608.0;1979,19,5000.0;1979,21,13025.0;1979,23,11223.0;1979,28,6678.0;1979,32,4795.0;1979,33,7857.0;1979,36,1250.0;1979,39,7473.0;1979,40,4919.0;1979,41,9400.0;1979,43,8125.0;1979,174,6667.0;1979,173,4968.0;1979,171,14736.0;1979,34845,14738.0;1979,34979,12877.0;1979,143,5739.0;1979,267,14286.0;1979,128,10615.0;1979,167,6991.0;1979,34982,8338.0;1979,3,24615.0;1979,151,7909.0;1979,150,5960.0;1979,149,22807.0;1979,147,14286.0;1979,94,6667.0;1979,138,11964.0;1979,137,4707.0;1979,135,10000.0;1979,134,7869.0;1979,14,12941.0;1979,129,13580.0;1979,120,12000.0;1979,117,7000.0;1979,211,7500.0;1979,115,7526.0;1979,114,1399.0;1979,110,7727.0;1979,109,2500.0;1979,142,3822.0;1979,108,2429.0;1979,107,9717.0;1979,104,4295.0;1979,103,9224.0;1979,101,4940.0;1979,127,11818.0;1979,91,5615.0;1979,90,4461.0;1979,89,5221.0;1979,87,10000.0;1979,81,6818.0;1979,9,18943.0;1979,141,6009.0;1979,5396,3171.0;1979,77,8426.0;1979,74,4695.0;1979,70,12500.0;1979,68,15367.0;1979,64,10222.0;1979,13,11974.0;1979,270,5128.0;1979,61,14727.0;1979,34980,12086.0;1979,60,6383.0;1979,80,3500.0;1979,355,6512.0;1979,273,6370.0;1979,462,9174.0;1979,463,5663.0;1979,464,3209.0;1979,465,2941.0;1979,466,6343.0;1979,290,12771.0;1979,450,11974.0;1979,295,13025.0;1979,275,6655.0;1979,467,14671.0;1979,470,4770.0;1979,471,3822.0;1979,472,10815.0;1979,276,5178.0;1979,473,5153.0;1979,475,17784.0;1979,476,24615.0;1979,277,11223.0;1979,34981,11223.0;1979,318,14212.0;1979,454,5684.0;1979,34987,5494.0;1979,5398,6669.0;1979,34988,5437.0;1979,34989,5657.0;1980,34979,13253.0;1980,143,6204.0;1980,267,14583.0;1980,128,10667.0;1980,167,7011.0;1980,34982,9942.0;1980,3,24519.0;1980,151,8693.0;1980,150,5899.0;1980,149,16289.0;1980,147,14286.0;1980,94,7222.0;1980,138,24932.0;1980,137,5142.0;1980,135,10000.0;1980,134,6486.0;1980,14,12984.0;1980,129,11250.0;1980,120,12000.0;1980,117,5833.0;1980,211,7500.0;1980,115,6167.0;1980,114,2308.0;1980,110,7778.0;1980,109,2500.0;1980,142,4563.0;1980,108,2429.0;1980,107,9979.0;1980,104,4438.0;1980,103,8336.0;1980,101,5272.0;1980,127,11058.0;1980,91,4893.0;1980,90,2898.0;1980,89,4740.0;1980,87,15556.0;1980,81,6818.0;1980,9,20765.0;1980,141,6439.0;1980,5396,3069.0;1980,77,11727.0;1980,74,2633.0;1980,70,14667.0;1980,68,16452.0;1980,64,7556.0;1980,13,13714.0;1980,270,5970.0;1980,61,13208.0;1980,34980,10000.0;1980,60,5714.0;1980,80,4737.0;1980,355,6477.0;1980,273,6012.0;1980,462,8934.0;1980,463,5676.0;1980,464,3105.0;1980,465,2950.0;1980,466,5969.0;1980,290,11420.0;1980,450,13714.0;1980,295,10318.0;1980,275,6722.0;1980,467,14008.0;1980,470,5195.0;1980,471,4563.0;1980,472,10462.0;1980,276,6006.0;1980,473,5985.0;1980,475,15402.0;1980,476,24519.0;1980,277,7698.0;1980,34981,7698.0;1980,318,21696.0;1980,454,5401.0;1980,34987,5472.0;1980,5398,7222.0;1980,34988,5549.0;1980,34989,5404.0;1980,15,8608.0;1980,19,7125.0;1980,21,10318.0;1980,23,7698.0;1980,28,7455.0;1980,32,4943.0;1980,33,7375.0;1980,36,2098.0;1980,40,4871.0;1980,41,10000.0;1980,43,7576.0;1980,174,6667.0;1980,173,4673.0;1980,171,14062.0;1980,34845,14063.0;1981,15,8649.0;1981,19,6250.0;1981,21,12700.0;1981,23,10056.0;1981,28,5569.0;1981,32,5368.0;1981,33,7917.0;1981,36,1480.0;1981,40,4801.0;1981,41,10000.0;1981,43,6899.0;1981,174,7059.0;1981,173,6096.0;1981,171,14819.0;1981,34845,14820.0;1981,34979,13429.0;1981,143,4571.0;1981,267,14535.0;1981,128,10667.0;1981,167,6060.0;1981,34982,8777.0;1981,3,22857.0;1981,151,12696.0;1981,150,7580.0;1981,149,24589.0;1981,147,13714.0;1981,94,7000.0;1981,138,11685.0;1981,137,5575.0;1981,135,18054.0;1981,134,9143.0;1981,14,13770.0;1981,129,6560.0;1981,120,14286.0;1981,117,5000.0;1981,211,7500.0;1981,115,7800.0;1981,114,5000.0;1981,110,9000.0;1981,109,2500.0;1981,142,5143.0;1981,108,2500.0;1981,107,9968.0;1981,104,4325.0;1981,103,15703.0;1981,101,4870.0;1981,127,11682.0;1981,91,5823.0;1981,90,6381.0;1981,89,7645.0;1981,87,16000.0;1981,81,6818.0;1981,9,17787.0;1981,141,6225.0;1981,5396,4145.0;1981,77,10965.0;1981,74,4194.0;1981,70,13478.0;1981,68,16000.0;1981,64,6222.0;1981,13,13605.0;1981,270,6415.0;1981,61,9315.0;1981,34980,20000.0;1981,60,7500.0;1981,80,4942.0;1981,355,7212.0;1981,273,7326.0;1981,462,8477.0;1981,463,6387.0;1981,464,4178.0;1981,465,2970.0;1981,466,7767.0;1981,290,12973.0;1981,450,13605.0;1981,295,12700.0;1981,275,7175.0;1981,467,14753.0;1981,470,5593.0;1981,471,5143.0;1981,472,9537.0;1981,276,6452.0;1981,473,6430.0;1981,475,21317.0;1981,476,22857.0;1981,277,10056.0;1981,34981,10056.0;1981,318,14755.0;1981,454,5946.0;1981,34987,5719.0;1981,5398,7003.0;1981,34988,6272.0;1981,34989,5828.0;1982,34979,13150.0;1982,143,4243.0;1982,267,15172.0;1982,128,11091.0;1982,167,6992.0;1982,34982,8706.0;1982,3,35714.0;1982,151,11385.0;1982,150,6977.0;1982,149,14750.0;1982,147,12857.0;1982,94,6500.0;1982,138,17785.0;1982,137,5093.0;1982,135,22767.0;1982,134,8000.0;1982,14,15988.0;1982,129,6387.0;1982,120,14000.0;1982,117,6667.0;1982,211,7143.0;1982,115,7478.0;1982,114,6667.0;1982,110,10909.0;1982,109,2500.0;1982,142,6980.0;1982,108,2552.0;1982,107,9377.0;1982,104,4191.0;1982,103,15701.0;1982,101,5019.0;1982,127,11708.0;1982,91,6781.0;1982,90,4874.0;1982,89,5482.0;1982,87,16000.0;1982,81,6818.0;1982,9,21164.0;1982,141,6273.0;1982,5396,2272.0;1982,77,9767.0;1982,74,10425.0;1982,70,13575.0;1982,68,12152.0;1982,64,19507.0;1982,13,13528.0;1982,270,8316.0;1982,61,8149.0;1982,34980,20000.0;1982,60,6345.0;1982,80,3678.0;1982,355,7344.0;1982,273,7144.0;1982,462,10160.0;1982,463,6342.0;1982,464,2345.0;1982,465,3078.0;1982,466,7462.0;1982,290,12386.0;1982,450,13528.0;1982,295,11684.0;1982,275,7255.0;1982,467,16215.0;1982,470,5151.0;1982,471,6980.0;1982,472,8421.0;1982,276,8353.0;1982,473,8333.0;1982,475,18937.0;1982,476,35714.0;1982,277,11059.0;1982,34981,11059.0;1982,318,21622.0;1982,454,5721.0;1982,34987,5424.0;1982,5398,6502.0;1982,34988,5930.0;1982,34989,5632.0;1982,15,8571.0;1982,19,6250.0;1982,21,11684.0;1982,23,11059.0;1982,28,8007.0;1982,32,5874.0;1982,33,7927.0;1982,36,1324.0;1982,40,4853.0;1982,41,10000.0;1982,43,6333.0;1982,174,7059.0;1982,173,6200.0;1982,171,16290.0;1982,34845,16291.0;1983,15,8571.0;1983,19,6250.0;1983,21,11149.0;1983,23,8143.0;1983,28,8170.0;1983,32,3943.0;1983,33,7889.0;1983,36,690.0;1983,40,4215.0;1983,41,10000.0;1983,43,6100.0;1983,174,11000.0;1983,173,4629.0;1983,171,18445.0;1983,34845,18447.0;1983,34979,11792.0;1983,143,3714.0;1983,267,14991.0;1983,128,11273.0;1983,167,7000.0;1983,34982,10663.0;1983,3,35294.0;1983,151,10357.0;1983,150,6514.0;1983,149,15900.0;1983,147,13158.0;1983,94,6502.0;1983,138,18479.0;1983,137,6785.0;1983,135,47320.0;1983,134,7179.0;1983,14,13107.0;1983,129,6387.0;1983,120,14000.0;1983,117,1491.0;1983,211,6667.0;1983,115,6947.0;1983,114,5882.0;1983,110,8000.0;1983,109,2500.0;1983,142,11906.0;1983,108,2667.0;1983,107,9277.0;1983,104,4182.0;1983,103,15697.0;1983,101,4633.0;1983,127,10210.0;1983,91,6659.0;1983,90,7222.0;1983,89,4048.0;1983,87,13750.0;1983,81,6818.0;1983,9,29873.0;1983,141,7399.0;1983,5396,2472.0;1983,77,9695.0;1983,74,9263.0;1983,70,13725.0;1983,68,15982.0;1983,64,14030.0;1983,13,13542.0;1983,270,8007.0;1983,61,7219.0;1983,34980,10000.0;1983,60,6356.0;1983,80,4000.0;1983,355,8265.0;1983,273,6939.0;1983,462,10969.0;1983,463,5418.0;1983,464,2519.0;1983,465,3109.0;1983,466,7262.0;1983,290,12045.0;1983,450,13542.0;1983,295,11149.0;1983,275,8869.0;1983,467,18346.0;1983,470,6766.0;1983,471,11906.0;1983,472,7776.0;1983,276,8037.0;1983,473,8018.0;1983,475,13520.0;1983,476,35294.0;1983,277,8143.0;1983,34981,8143.0;1983,318,24500.0;1983,454,5614.0;1983,34987,5404.0;1983,5398,6502.0;1983,34988,6855.0;1983,34989,5506.0;1984,34979,13031.0;1984,143,4419.0;1984,267,11685.0;1984,128,12000.0;1984,167,7007.0;1984,34982,9259.0;1984,151,11702.0;1984,150,6017.0;1984,149,12350.0;1984,147,15000.0;1984,94,8000.0;1984,138,16577.0;1984,137,6024.0;1984,135,30000.0;1984,134,8621.0;1984,14,17649.0;1984,129,3448.0;1984,120,14000.0;1984,117,5421.0;1984,211,10000.0;1984,115,5569.0;1984,114,6000.0;1984,110,8000.0;1984,109,2500.0;1984,142,7982.0;1984,108,2800.0;1984,107,9260.0;1984,104,2548.0;1984,103,15701.0;1984,101,4684.0;1984,127,12030.0;1984,91,4695.0;1984,90,13714.0;1984,89,4219.0;1984,87,13529.0;1984,81,6818.0;1984,9,31814.0;1984,141,6663.0;1984,5396,1167.0;1984,77,6398.0;1984,74,12998.0;1984,70,13636.0;1984,68,10000.0;1984,64,11114.0;1984,13,13853.0;1984,270,6667.0;1984,61,7132.0;1984,34980,16289.0;1984,60,7096.0;1984,80,4800.0;1984,355,7583.0;1984,273,6343.0;1984,462,8603.0;1984,463,5180.0;1984,464,1213.0;1984,465,3201.0;1984,466,7057.0;1984,290,12914.0;1984,450,13853.0;1984,295,11961.0;1984,275,8291.0;1984,467,18410.0;1984,470,6031.0;1984,471,7982.0;1984,472,7620.0;1984,276,6682.0;1984,473,6676.0;1984,475,17979.0;1984,277,11577.0;1984,34981,11577.0;1984,318,17509.0;1984,454,4413.0;1984,34987,4206.0;1984,5398,8000.0;1984,34988,6180.0;1984,34989,4405.0;1984,15,8750.0;1984,19,6667.0;1984,21,11961.0;1984,23,11577.0;1984,28,7736.0;1984,32,7752.0;1984,33,8149.0;1984,36,861.0;1984,40,5147.0;1984,41,10000.0;1984,43,6465.0;1984,174,11000.0;1984,173,4139.0;1984,171,18498.0;1984,34845,18500.0;1985,15,8710.0;1985,19,6667.0;1985,21,12600.0;1985,23,8827.0;1985,28,7382.0;1985,32,5410.0;1985,33,7692.0;1985,36,1907.0;1985,40,6022.0;1985,41,10000.0;1985,43,9785.0;1985,174,15000.0;1985,173,5137.0;1985,171,18012.0;1985,34845,18014.0;1985,34979,12382.0;1985,143,5071.0;1985,267,12048.0;1985,128,13556.0;1985,167,7000.0;1985,34982,8170.0;1985,151,10938.0;1985,150,6054.0;1985,149,13333.0;1985,147,15814.0;1985,94,9000.0;1985,138,24756.0;1985,137,4565.0;1985,135,17202.0;1985,134,6809.0;1985,14,17438.0;1985,129,10800.0;1985,120,14000.0;1985,117,6076.0;1985,211,10000.0;1985,115,10364.0;1985,114,8000.0;1985,113,4545.0;1985,110,8000.0;1985,109,2500.0;1985,142,10755.0;1985,108,2867.0;1985,107,9132.0;1985,104,4577.0;1985,103,15277.0;1985,101,4608.0;1985,127,11708.0;1985,91,5455.0;1985,90,16785.0;1985,89,6702.0;1985,87,13529.0;1985,81,6818.0;1985,9,28773.0;1985,141,7046.0;1985,5396,2405.0;1985,77,6883.0;1985,74,11276.0;1985,70,18750.0;1985,68,15997.0;1985,64,11863.0;1985,13,13861.0;1985,270,9615.0;1985,61,3542.0;1985,34980,13517.0;1985,60,8690.0;1985,80,8960.0;1985,355,7436.0;1985,273,7778.0;1985,462,11240.0;1985,463,5954.0;1985,464,2443.0;1985,465,3294.0;1985,466,8560.0;1985,290,13162.0;1985,450,13861.0;1985,477,4545.0;1985,295,12600.0;1985,275,6863.0;1985,467,17945.0;1985,470,4648.0;1985,471,10755.0;1985,472,5197.0;1985,276,9644.0;1985,473,9639.0;1985,475,16411.0;1985,277,8827.0;1985,34981,8827.0;1985,318,24768.0;1985,454,6169.0;1985,34987,6511.0;1985,5398,9000.0;1985,34988,5997.0;1985,34989,6060.0;1986,34845,15235.0;1986,34979,15643.0;1986,143,5122.0;1986,267,12624.0;1986,128,16316.0;1986,167,7222.0;1986,34982,8319.0;1986,151,11445.0;1986,150,7051.0;1986,149,13333.0;1986,147,16957.0;1986,94,9137.0;1986,138,15533.0;1986,137,5036.0;1986,135,15580.0;1986,134,7568.0;1986,14,17059.0;1986,129,5726.0;1986,120,13333.0;1986,117,5467.0;1986,211,10000.0;1986,115,9804.0;1986,114,6000.0;1986,113,5714.0;1986,110,8000.0;1986,109,2500.0;1986,142,11418.0;1986,108,3000.0;1986,107,9125.0;1986,104,4270.0;1986,103,10495.0;1986,101,4573.0;1986,127,11895.0;1986,91,5172.0;1986,90,19231.0;1986,89,5864.0;1986,87,13529.0;1986,81,6818.0;1986,9,30238.0;1986,141,6656.0;1986,5396,1846.0;1986,77,5741.0;1986,74,7000.0;1986,70,18750.0;1986,68,12496.0;1986,64,8825.0;1986,13,14207.0;1986,270,8882.0;1986,61,5132.0;1986,34980,18564.0;1986,60,6296.0;1986,80,4780.0;1986,355,6911.0;1986,273,6863.0;1986,462,8452.0;1986,463,5958.0;1986,464,1888.0;1986,465,3366.0;1986,466,7517.0;1986,290,13010.0;1986,450,14207.0;1986,477,5714.0;1986,295,11395.0;1986,275,6634.0;1986,467,15246.0;1986,470,5093.0;1986,471,11418.0;1986,472,6360.0;1986,276,8918.0;1986,473,8904.0;1986,475,20328.0;1986,277,10323.0;1986,34981,10323.0;1986,318,16578.0;1986,454,5688.0;1986,34987,5887.0;1986,5398,9137.0;1986,34988,5907.0;1986,34989,5595.0;1986,15,8621.0;1986,19,6000.0;1986,21,11395.0;1986,23,10323.0;1986,28,7513.0;1986,32,6150.0;1986,33,8750.0;1986,36,1287.0;1986,40,5801.0;1986,41,10000.0;1986,43,12521.0;1986,174,10202.0;1986,173,4979.0;1986,171,15235.0;1987,15,8621.0;1987,19,6000.0;1987,21,12363.0;1987,23,9279.0;1987,28,7218.0;1987,32,6792.0;1987,33,8519.0;1987,36,664.0;1987,40,5411.0;1987,41,10250.0;1987,43,8696.0;1987,174,9756.0;1987,173,4678.0;1987,171,16882.0;1987,34845,16882.0;1987,34979,15027.0;1987,143,5021.0;1987,267,11997.0;1987,128,17143.0;1987,167,7194.0;1987,34982,8550.0;1987,151,11221.0;1987,150,7366.0;1987,149,14000.0;1987,147,18144.0;1987,94,10000.0;1987,138,19114.0;1987,137,4957.0;1987,135,16682.0;1987,134,13023.0;1987,14,16984.0;1987,129,6000.0;1987,120,12500.0;1987,117,4771.0;1987,211,15000.0;1987,115,8871.0;1987,114,3500.0;1987,113,6471.0;1987,110,10078.0;1987,109,2500.0;1987,142,9268.0;1987,108,3333.0;1987,107,9111.0;1987,104,3305.0;1987,103,10198.0;1987,101,4622.0;1987,127,12027.0;1987,91,5255.0;1987,90,13423.0;1987,89,7295.0;1987,87,13533.0;1987,81,6818.0;1987,9,36453.0;1987,141,6350.0;1987,5396,1396.0;1987,77,6686.0;1987,74,5521.0;1987,70,15000.0;1987,68,15988.0;1987,64,10034.0;1987,13,15084.0;1987,270,13109.0;1987,61,3898.0;1987,34980,17464.0;1987,60,6946.0;1987,80,2613.0;1987,355,7388.0;1987,273,6720.0;1987,462,8926.0;1987,463,5313.0;1987,464,1464.0;1987,465,3683.0;1987,466,7150.0;1987,290,14145.0;1987,450,15084.0;1987,477,6471.0;1987,295,12363.0;1987,275,6923.0;1987,467,16881.0;1987,470,5035.0;1987,471,9268.0;1987,472,5570.0;1987,276,13125.0;1987,473,13117.0;1987,475,26634.0;1987,277,9279.0;1987,34981,9279.0;1987,318,21611.0;1987,454,5549.0;1987,34987,5321.0;1987,5398,10000.0;1987,34988,5862.0;1987,34989,5490.0;1988,34845,17557.0;1988,34979,12765.0;1988,143,4926.0;1988,267,12488.0;1988,128,20000.0;1988,167,7170.0;1988,34982,10598.0;1988,151,10989.0;1988,150,6096.0;1988,149,17778.0;1988,147,18752.0;1988,94,14830.0;1988,138,16462.0;1988,137,6637.0;1988,135,26174.0;1988,134,8655.0;1988,14,17350.0;1988,129,6498.0;1988,120,10000.0;1988,117,6091.0;1988,211,10000.0;1988,115,8361.0;1988,114,5000.0;1988,113,5000.0;1988,110,8442.0;1988,109,2500.0;1988,142,7238.0;1988,108,3438.0;1988,107,10029.0;1988,104,5021.0;1988,103,11083.0;1988,101,3939.0;1988,127,12871.0;1988,91,5000.0;1988,90,14121.0;1988,89,5424.0;1988,87,8917.0;1988,81,6818.0;1988,9,30000.0;1988,141,6768.0;1988,5396,2075.0;1988,77,5882.0;1988,74,4766.0;1988,70,16364.0;1988,68,15580.0;1988,64,7986.0;1988,13,14953.0;1988,270,11117.0;1988,61,3949.0;1988,34980,14300.0;1988,60,6126.0;1988,80,7433.0;1988,355,7780.0;1988,273,6914.0;1988,462,9902.0;1988,463,6518.0;1988,464,2098.0;1988,465,3857.0;1988,466,7664.0;1988,290,14501.0;1988,450,14953.0;1988,477,5000.0;1988,295,13675.0;1988,275,7954.0;1988,467,17581.0;1988,470,6612.0;1988,471,7238.0;1988,472,5283.0;1988,276,11130.0;1988,473,11125.0;1988,475,20560.0;1988,277,12922.0;1988,34981,12922.0;1988,318,18102.0;1988,454,5737.0;1988,34987,6651.0;1988,5398,14829.0;1988,34988,6771.0;1988,34989,5639.0;1988,15,8621.0;1988,19,6000.0;1988,21,13675.0;1988,23,12922.0;1988,28,7632.0;1988,32,6500.0;1988,33,8587.0;1988,36,4066.0;1988,40,6396.0;1988,41,10500.0;1988,43,10000.0;1988,174,9615.0;1988,173,6143.0;1988,171,17556.0;1989,15,8621.0;1989,19,5727.0;1989,21,11595.0;1989,23,7962.0;1989,28,6980.0;1989,32,6690.0;1989,33,8667.0;1989,36,1722.0;1989,40,5082.0;1989,41,10750.0;1989,43,10833.0;1989,174,10000.0;1989,173,3418.0;1989,171,15657.0;1989,34845,15657.0;1989,34979,14675.0;1989,143,4707.0;1989,267,19750.0;1989,128,20000.0;1989,167,7203.0;1989,34982,8421.0;1989,151,9609.0;1989,150,7377.0;1989,147,17824.0;1989,94,9368.0;1989,138,19923.0;1989,137,6724.0;1989,135,20206.0;1989,134,10256.0;1989,14,17018.0;1989,129,6632.0;1989,120,9200.0;1989,117,6242.0;1989,211,17500.0;1989,115,7772.0;1989,114,4957.0;1989,113,8261.0;1989,110,14595.0;1989,109,2500.0;1989,142,6619.0;1989,108,3636.0;1989,107,11617.0;1989,104,3738.0;1989,103,11729.0;1989,101,3991.0;1989,127,12222.0;1989,91,5000.0;1989,90,17353.0;1989,89,6705.0;1989,87,9417.0;1989,81,6818.0;1989,9,33986.0;1989,141,6854.0;1989,5396,1603.0;1989,77,6000.0;1989,74,7692.0;1989,70,13333.0;1989,68,15989.0;1989,64,10000.0;1989,13,15044.0;1989,270,13521.0;1989,61,4190.0;1989,34980,21776.0;1989,60,5749.0;1989,80,4794.0;1989,355,7911.0;1989,273,6963.0;1989,462,9812.0;1989,463,4658.0;1989,464,1646.0;1989,465,3878.0;1989,466,7558.0;1989,290,14404.0;1989,450,15044.0;1989,477,8261.0;1989,295,11595.0;1989,275,7814.0;1989,467,15707.0;1989,470,6708.0;1989,471,6619.0;1989,472,5115.0;1989,276,13545.0;1989,473,13539.0;1989,475,24434.0;1989,277,7962.0;1989,34981,7962.0;1989,318,20525.0;1989,454,5349.0;1989,34987,5463.0;1989,5398,9369.0;1989,34988,6850.0;1989,34989,5275.0;1990,34845,20079.0;1990,34979,16513.0;1990,143,4629.0;1990,267,27968.0;1990,128,10668.0;1990,167,6100.0;1990,34982,9850.0;1990,151,9285.0;1990,150,6008.0;1990,147,16940.0;1990,94,8678.0;1990,138,13621.0;1990,137,6905.0;1990,135,17326.0;1990,134,6154.0;1990,14,17333.0;1990,129,6477.0;1990,120,7983.0;1990,117,5164.0;1990,211,10000.0;1990,115,6074.0;1990,114,2845.0;1990,113,5000.0;1990,110,10000.0;1990,109,3599.0;1990,142,7523.0;1990,108,3625.0;1990,107,11665.0;1990,104,3833.0;1990,103,10749.0;1990,101,3992.0;1990,127,12560.0;1990,91,1667.0;1990,90,11772.0;1990,89,5837.0;1990,87,9186.0;1990,81,5609.0;1990,9,32112.0;1990,141,6336.0;1990,5396,1693.0;1990,77,5714.0;1990,74,4063.0;1990,70,13778.0;1990,68,15013.0;1990,64,11236.0;1990,13,15000.0;1990,270,11075.0;1990,61,3672.0;1990,34980,16564.0;1990,60,5356.0;1990,80,6118.0;1990,355,8009.0;1990,273,6779.0;1990,462,10252.0;1990,463,4725.0;1990,464,1780.0;1990,465,3751.0;1990,466,6886.0;1990,290,14480.0;1990,450,15000.0;1990,477,5000.0;1990,295,13219.0;1990,275,8500.0;1990,467,19875.0;1990,470,6885.0;1990,471,7523.0;1990,472,4441.0;1990,276,11092.0;1990,473,11088.0;1990,475,19254.0;1990,277,11415.0;1990,34981,11415.0;1990,318,12301.0;1990,454,5165.0;1990,34987,5014.0;1990,5398,8679.0;1990,34988,6846.0;1990,34989,5103.0;1990,15,8667.0;1990,19,5727.0;1990,21,13219.0;1990,23,11415.0;1990,28,6967.0;1990,32,5889.0;1990,33,10971.0;1990,36,1833.0;1990,39,7813.0;1990,40,4393.0;1990,41,10917.0;1990,43,12420.0;1990,174,10409.0;1990,173,3431.0;1990,171,20079.0;1991,15,8310.0;1991,19,4784.0;1991,21,15111.0;1991,23,6593.0;1991,28,7335.0;1991,32,6173.0;1991,33,8272.0;1991,36,1781.0;1991,39,8000.0;1991,40,7021.0;1991,41,11167.0;1991,43,9965.0;1991,174,10126.0;1991,173,3987.0;1991,171,16454.0;1991,34845,16454.0;1991,34979,16648.0;1991,143,4440.0;1991,267,23792.0;1991,128,9588.0;1991,167,6100.0;1991,34982,13231.0;1991,151,10268.0;1991,150,5391.0;1991,147,16102.0;1991,94,12154.0;1991,138,19791.0;1991,137,5706.0;1991,135,17549.0;1991,134,7273.0;1991,14,17143.0;1991,129,5185.0;1991,120,9200.0;1991,117,5185.0;1991,211,10000.0;1991,115,8280.0;1991,114,2704.0;1991,113,9231.0;1991,110,10000.0;1991,109,4070.0;1991,142,6725.0;1991,108,3485.0;1991,107,11535.0;1991,104,4175.0;1991,103,9011.0;1991,101,4434.0;1991,127,12666.0;1991,91,2479.0;1991,90,15575.0;1991,89,6739.0;1991,87,8129.0;1991,81,5279.0;1991,9,35175.0;1991,141,6067.0;1991,5396,2754.0;1991,77,5179.0;1991,74,3746.0;1991,70,13736.0;1991,68,15000.0;1991,64,7813.0;1991,13,14563.0;1991,270,5330.0;1991,61,2799.0;1991,34980,20949.0;1991,60,5649.0;1991,80,4323.0;1991,355,6788.0;1991,273,6627.0;1991,462,9568.0;1991,463,4763.0;1991,464,2802.0;1991,465,3653.0;1991,466,6828.0;1991,290,14766.0;1991,450,14563.0;1991,477,9231.0;1991,295,15111.0;1991,275,7072.0;1991,467,16290.0;1991,470,5777.0;1991,471,6725.0;1991,472,4025.0;1991,276,5395.0;1991,473,5387.0;1991,475,23591.0;1991,277,6593.0;1991,34981,6593.0;1991,318,17418.0;1991,454,5863.0;1991,34987,5845.0;1991,5398,12154.0;1991,34988,6232.0;1991,34989,5783.0;1992,34845,17763.0;1992,34979,17671.0;1992,143,4376.0;1992,165,16898.0;1992,267,20000.0;1992,128,9615.0;1992,167,6110.0;1992,34982,8439.0;1992,151,11152.0;1992,150,6357.0;1992,147,15304.0;1992,94,8628.0;1992,138,8800.0;1992,137,8467.0;1992,135,14000.0;1992,134,7309.0;1992,14,16823.0;1992,131,5227.0;1992,129,5400.0;1992,120,9216.0;1992,117,2315.0;1992,211,10000.0;1992,115,5491.0;1992,114,2617.0;1992,113,11667.0;1992,110,10805.0;1992,109,3817.0;1992,142,6748.0;1992,108,974.0;1992,107,11734.0;1992,104,3584.0;1992,103,10307.0;1992,101,4168.0;1992,127,13846.0;1992,111,4000.0;1992,92,8540.0;1992,12,8393.0;1992,91,3144.0;1992,90,17262.0;1992,89,5764.0;1992,268,47396.0;1992,87,8000.0;1992,83,9665.0;1992,81,5000.0;1992,9,41853.0;1992,141,6058.0;1992,5396,2881.0;1992,77,5000.0;1992,66,15022.0;1992,74,5561.0;1992,70,11714.0;1992,68,16010.0;1992,67,11769.0;1992,64,8516.0;1992,13,14577.0;1992,62,6104.0;1992,61,6329.0;1992,60,7212.0;1992,80,1346.0;1992,355,7903.0;1992,273,6333.0;1992,462,9312.0;1992,463,5511.0;1992,464,2918.0;1992,465,1433.0;1992,466,6575.0;1992,290,15074.0;1992,450,14577.0;1992,477,11667.0;1992,295,16138.0;1992,275,9151.0;1992,469,5228.0;1992,467,17539.0;1992,470,8366.0;1992,471,6748.0;1992,472,7061.0;1992,276,8736.0;1992,473,8726.0;1992,475,24357.0;1992,277,12536.0;1992,34981,12536.0;1992,318,9733.0;1992,454,5184.0;1992,34987,5088.0;1992,5398,8629.0;1992,34988,7345.0;1992,34989,5095.0;1992,15,8000.0;1992,19,4777.0;1992,21,16138.0;1992,23,12536.0;1992,28,7423.0;1992,32,6518.0;1992,33,8191.0;1992,36,1250.0;1992,39,10485.0;1992,40,6510.0;1992,41,10960.0;1992,43,10000.0;1992,174,10130.0;1992,173,5174.0;1992,171,17763.0;1993,15,8082.0;1993,19,2740.0;1993,21,16611.0;1993,23,6529.0;1993,28,7521.0;1993,30,16827.0;1993,32,6586.0;1993,33,8750.0;1993,36,1476.0;1993,39,10820.0;1993,40,6953.0;1993,41,10308.0;1993,43,10345.0;1993,174,10134.0;1993,173,4163.0;1993,171,21827.0;1993,34845,21829.0;1993,34979,16626.0;1993,143,4367.0;1993,165,15991.0;1993,162,20000.0;1993,128,9524.0;1993,167,6120.0;1993,157,2379.0;1993,158,7683.0;1993,151,10321.0;1993,150,9725.0;1993,147,14546.0;1993,94,8590.0;1993,138,11354.0;1993,137,6374.0;1993,135,13385.0;1993,134,7813.0;1993,14,17500.0;1993,131,5260.0;1993,129,6817.0;1993,120,11000.0;1993,117,6301.0;1993,211,10000.0;1993,115,5261.0;1993,114,2561.0;1993,113,10000.0;1993,110,10000.0;1993,109,3644.0;1993,142,7027.0;1993,108,2510.0;1993,107,10787.0;1993,104,3547.0;1993,103,9489.0;1993,101,4539.0;1993,127,11898.0;1993,111,16167.0;1993,92,6240.0;1993,12,7895.0;1993,91,3853.0;1993,90,18149.0;1993,89,6710.0;1993,268,48485.0;1993,87,8000.0;1993,85,14990.0;1993,83,13866.0;1993,81,5909.0;1993,9,18879.0;1993,141,7335.0;1993,5396,2068.0;1993,77,5199.0;1993,66,15000.0;1993,74,5029.0;1993,70,12154.0;1993,68,15099.0;1993,67,14924.0;1993,64,6477.0;1993,13,14587.0;1993,62,3750.0;1993,61,6120.0;1993,60,7102.0;1993,80,3727.0;1993,355,7309.0;1993,273,6303.0;1993,462,8234.0;1993,463,4551.0;1993,464,2133.0;1993,465,2864.0;1993,466,6565.0;1993,290,14963.0;1993,450,14587.0;1993,477,10000.0;1993,295,16611.0;1993,275,8112.0;1993,469,5257.0;1993,467,21542.0;1993,470,6429.0;1993,471,7027.0;1993,472,6982.0;1993,276,8876.0;1993,473,8867.0;1993,475,19616.0;1993,277,6529.0;1993,34981,6529.0;1993,318,12331.0;1993,454,5196.0;1993,34987,5190.0;1993,5398,8590.0;1993,34988,6396.0;1993,34989,5156.0;1994,34845,22111.0;1994,34979,20653.0;1994,143,4307.0;1994,165,26188.0;1994,162,30000.0;1994,128,10000.0;1994,167,6120.0;1994,157,6613.0;1994,158,7047.0;1994,151,10614.0;1994,150,8778.0;1994,147,13826.0;1994,94,7696.0;1994,138,11486.0;1994,137,7475.0;1994,135,11771.0;1994,134,8030.0;1994,14,15211.0;1994,130,74909.0;1994,131,4343.0;1994,129,6948.0;1994,120,11972.0;1994,117,4054.0;1994,211,9997.0;1994,115,6394.0;1994,114,2930.0;1994,113,7500.0;1994,110,14815.0;1994,109,3939.0;1994,142,6115.0;1994,108,2252.0;1994,107,10697.0;1994,104,4000.0;1994,103,9501.0;1994,101,4488.0;1994,127,11189.0;1994,111,6176.0;1994,92,5000.0;1994,12,7416.0;1994,91,4582.0;1994,90,17119.0;1994,89,5853.0;1994,268,46154.0;1994,87,8489.0;1994,85,14354.0;1994,83,21631.0;1994,81,5606.0;1994,9,33781.0;1994,141,7107.0;1994,5396,3006.0;1994,77,5271.0;1994,66,10000.0;1994,74,3747.0;1994,70,12000.0;1994,68,14806.0;1994,67,8827.0;1994,64,10727.0;1994,13,14594.0;1994,62,32000.0;1994,61,5814.0;1994,60,7611.0;1994,80,2595.0;1994,355,7404.0;1994,273,6131.0;1994,462,8660.0;1994,463,5400.0;1994,464,3035.0;1994,465,2538.0;1994,466,6667.0;1994,290,14606.0;1994,450,14594.0;1994,477,7500.0;1994,295,14665.0;1994,275,8804.0;1994,469,4390.0;1994,467,21847.0;1994,470,7427.0;1994,471,6115.0;1994,472,6800.0;1994,276,8044.0;1994,473,8017.0;1994,475,29351.0;1994,277,9901.0;1994,34981,9901.0;1994,318,14236.0;1994,454,5180.0;1994,34987,5422.0;1994,5398,7697.0;1994,34988,6710.0;1994,34989,5120.0;1994,15,8148.0;1994,19,5357.0;1994,21,14665.0;1994,23,9901.0;1994,28,7178.0;1994,30,16709.0;1994,32,6799.0;1994,33,7223.0;1994,36,3591.0;1994,39,11281.0;1994,40,6339.0;1994,41,11075.0;1994,43,10000.0;1994,174,10139.0;1994,173,4928.0;1994,171,22110.0;1995,15,8191.0;1995,19,5083.0;1995,21,13628.0;1995,23,9973.0;1995,28,6397.0;1995,30,16591.0;1995,32,7481.0;1995,33,7379.0;1995,36,2786.0;1995,39,11429.0;1995,40,7197.0;1995,41,14429.0;1995,43,10154.0;1995,174,10094.0;1995,173,3559.0;1995,171,19836.0;1995,34845,19836.0;1995,34979,18797.0;1995,143,4622.0;1995,165,37407.0;1995,162,25000.0;1995,128,9333.0;1995,167,6540.0;1995,157,2123.0;1995,158,6688.0;1995,151,9788.0;1995,150,9843.0;1995,147,13141.0;1995,94,9110.0;1995,138,11686.0;1995,137,6790.0;1995,135,12000.0;1995,134,8000.0;1995,14,13605.0;1995,130,88000.0;1995,131,3340.0;1995,129,5951.0;1995,120,11000.0;1995,117,4743.0;1995,211,10000.0;1995,115,5497.0;1995,114,3636.0;1995,110,14274.0;1995,109,4116.0;1995,142,6587.0;1995,108,1377.0;1995,107,9721.0;1995,104,3383.0;1995,103,10893.0;1995,101,3970.0;1995,127,13715.0;1995,111,6731.0;1995,92,6667.0;1995,12,6989.0;1995,91,5303.0;1995,90,17119.0;1995,89,7485.0;1995,268,10638.0;1995,87,7933.0;1995,85,15779.0;1995,83,19804.0;1995,81,5593.0;1995,9,27683.0;1995,141,6514.0;1995,5396,1592.0;1995,77,5366.0;1995,66,10000.0;1995,74,6724.0;1995,70,14634.0;1995,68,16000.0;1995,67,16963.0;1995,64,10673.0;1995,13,15008.0;1995,62,21667.0;1995,61,5821.0;1995,60,7384.0;1995,80,820.0;1995,355,7144.0;1995,273,6272.0;1995,462,8426.0;1995,463,4647.0;1995,464,1641.0;1995,465,1704.0;1995,466,7052.0;1995,290,14628.0;1995,450,15008.0;1995,295,13628.0;1995,275,8023.0;1995,469,3433.0;1995,467,19627.0;1995,470,6765.0;1995,471,6587.0;1995,472,7025.0;1995,276,9071.0;1995,473,9054.0;1995,475,24536.0;1995,277,9973.0;1995,34981,9973.0;1995,318,14083.0;1995,454,4781.0;1995,34987,4855.0;1995,5398,9111.0;1995,34988,6520.0;1995,34989,4706.0;1996,34845,23593.0;1996,34979,16648.0;1996,143,5089.0;1996,165,72909.0;1996,162,25000.0;1996,128,9333.0;1996,167,6610.0;1996,157,1904.0;1996,158,8921.0;1996,151,11039.0;1996,150,10195.0;1996,147,12490.0;1996,94,8562.0;1996,138,11656.0;1996,137,8186.0;1996,135,12500.0;1996,134,10000.0;1996,14,11652.0;1996,130,36818.0;1996,131,2681.0;1996,129,2700.0;1996,120,11429.0;1996,117,5790.0;1996,211,10000.0;1996,115,7897.0;1996,114,3427.0;1996,110,15242.0;1996,109,4828.0;1996,142,6711.0;1996,108,2176.0;1996,107,10866.0;1996,104,3507.0;1996,103,10607.0;1996,101,4807.0;1996,127,12042.0;1996,111,3277.0;1996,92,5000.0;1996,12,3904.0;1996,91,6022.0;1996,90,17173.0;1996,89,6189.0;1996,268,40000.0;1996,87,7962.0;1996,85,14200.0;1996,83,18392.0;1996,81,5559.0;1996,9,26563.0;1996,141,6371.0;1996,5396,2694.0;1996,77,5000.0;1996,66,8421.0;1996,74,4725.0;1996,70,15753.0;1996,68,11000.0;1996,67,8915.0;1996,64,11645.0;1996,13,14607.0;1996,62,16000.0;1996,61,5328.0;1996,60,7131.0;1996,80,4351.0;1996,355,7940.0;1996,273,6701.0;1996,462,8037.0;1996,463,4960.0;1996,464,2767.0;1996,465,2440.0;1996,466,7236.0;1996,290,13727.0;1996,450,14607.0;1996,295,10531.0;1996,275,9553.0;1996,469,2800.0;1996,467,23305.0;1996,470,8159.0;1996,471,6711.0;1996,472,6802.0;1996,276,4703.0;1996,473,4685.0;1996,475,30399.0;1996,476,19181.0;1996,277,12981.0;1996,34981,12981.0;1996,318,13296.0;1996,454,5263.0;1996,34987,5251.0;1996,5398,8563.0;1996,34988,7386.0;1996,34989,5179.0;1996,15,8174.0;1996,19,4762.0;1996,21,10531.0;1996,23,12981.0;1996,24,19181.0;1996,25,4286.0;1996,28,7406.0;1996,30,16473.0;1996,32,7126.0;1996,33,7367.0;1996,36,2787.0;1996,39,10909.0;1996,40,7527.0;1996,41,11292.0;1996,43,10105.0;1996,174,10041.0;1996,173,4056.0;1996,171,23591.0;1997,15,8171.0;1997,19,3831.0;1997,21,10256.0;1997,23,12000.0;1997,24,18551.0;1997,25,4000.0;1997,28,7372.0;1997,30,16355.0;1997,32,7594.0;1997,33,7359.0;1997,36,1696.0;1997,39,16000.0;1997,40,5231.0;1997,41,16717.0;1997,43,10158.0;1997,174,10000.0;1997,173,3802.0;1997,171,16036.0;1997,34845,16035.0;1997,34979,17924.0;1997,143,5546.0;1997,165,35385.0;1997,162,21902.0;1997,128,9667.0;1997,167,6610.0;1997,157,1097.0;1997,158,10138.0;1997,151,8997.0;1997,150,8441.0;1997,147,11871.0;1997,94,3234.0;1997,138,12865.0;1997,137,8073.0;1997,135,12500.0;1997,134,10000.0;1997,14,10000.0;1997,130,26296.0;1997,131,6300.0;1997,129,4208.0;1997,120,11667.0;1997,117,4251.0;1997,211,10000.0;1997,115,7294.0;1997,114,1438.0;1997,113,5909.0;1997,110,16121.0;1997,109,4883.0;1997,142,6312.0;1997,108,4051.0;1997,107,10846.0;1997,104,3002.0;1997,103,10756.0;1997,101,4593.0;1997,127,10537.0;1997,111,9006.0;1997,92,10000.0;1997,12,12695.0;1997,91,6667.0;1997,90,17113.0;1997,89,5193.0;1997,268,27570.0;1997,87,7483.0;1997,85,13333.0;1997,83,16063.0;1997,81,5508.0;1997,9,23916.0;1997,141,6280.0;1997,5396,2289.0;1997,77,5578.0;1997,76,5500.0;1997,74,5212.0;1997,70,16308.0;1997,68,12709.0;1997,67,14611.0;1997,64,9813.0;1997,13,14630.0;1997,62,17390.0;1997,61,6004.0;1997,60,7130.0;1997,80,4259.0;1997,355,7590.0;1997,273,6264.0;1997,462,8517.0;1997,463,4471.0;1997,464,2336.0;1997,465,4088.0;1997,466,6981.0;1997,290,13714.0;1997,450,14630.0;1997,477,5909.0;1997,295,10256.0;1997,275,8708.0;1997,469,6399.0;1997,467,15900.0;1997,470,8007.0;1997,471,6312.0;1997,472,7179.0;1997,276,13113.0;1997,473,13105.0;1997,475,23377.0;1997,476,18551.0;1997,277,12000.0;1997,34981,12000.0;1997,318,15053.0;1997,454,4589.0;1997,34987,4875.0;1997,5398,3239.0;1997,34988,7029.0;1997,34989,4583.0;1998,34845,22059.0;1998,34979,21074.0;1998,143,6337.0;1998,165,50000.0;1998,162,20000.0;1998,128,9375.0;1998,167,6610.0;1998,157,5395.0;1998,158,8932.0;1998,151,9607.0;1998,150,9517.0;1998,147,11283.0;1998,94,7963.0;1998,138,16097.0;1998,137,8155.0;1998,135,9231.0;1998,134,10000.0;1998,14,10000.0;1998,130,25714.0;1998,131,3533.0;1998,129,4307.0;1998,120,11525.0;1998,117,5584.0;1998,211,10000.0;1998,115,8933.0;1998,114,1608.0;1998,113,6071.0;1998,110,16918.0;1998,109,5248.0;1998,142,6309.0;1998,108,1937.0;1998,107,10865.0;1998,104,4456.0;1998,103,10643.0;1998,101,4602.0;1998,127,11109.0;1998,111,1159.0;1998,92,7378.0;1998,12,8540.0;1998,91,7500.0;1998,90,16000.0;1998,89,5582.0;1998,268,16260.0;1998,87,9706.0;1998,85,15000.0;1998,83,18344.0;1998,81,5460.0;1998,9,24242.0;1998,141,7236.0;1998,5396,2426.0;1998,77,5714.0;1998,76,1000.0;1998,74,4525.0;1998,70,15667.0;1998,68,16010.0;1998,67,9345.0;1998,64,8799.0;1998,13,15038.0;1998,62,18896.0;1998,61,6781.0;1998,60,6912.0;1998,80,2079.0;1998,355,7957.0;1998,273,6817.0;1998,462,8805.0;1998,463,5090.0;1998,464,2469.0;1998,465,2226.0;1998,466,7638.0;1998,290,14501.0;1998,450,15038.0;1998,477,6071.0;1998,295,12566.0;1998,275,9325.0;1998,469,3815.0;1998,467,21755.0;1998,470,8077.0;1998,471,6309.0;1998,472,7624.0;1998,276,9116.0;1998,473,9094.0;1998,475,22934.0;1998,476,17665.0;1998,277,9688.0;1998,34981,9688.0;1998,318,16367.0;1998,454,5524.0;1998,34987,6082.0;1998,5398,7964.0;1998,34988,7370.0;1998,34989,5442.0;1998,15,8165.0;1998,19,4997.0;1998,21,12566.0;1998,23,9688.0;1998,24,17665.0;1998,25,353.0;1998,28,6699.0;1998,30,16238.0;1998,32,7479.0;1998,33,7325.0;1998,36,1108.0;1998,39,17857.0;1998,40,7821.0;1998,41,11053.0;1998,43,10000.0;1998,174,10000.0;1998,173,4548.0;1998,171,22059.0;1999,15,8184.0;1999,19,5301.0;1999,21,14158.0;1999,23,12286.0;1999,24,14908.0;1999,25,4891.0;1999,28,7509.0;1999,30,16120.0;1999,32,7777.0;1999,33,7344.0;1999,36,1774.0;1999,39,16000.0;1999,40,7362.0;1999,41,11228.0;1999,43,10000.0;1999,174,10125.0;1999,173,4596.0;1999,171,17442.0;1999,34845,17442.0;1999,34979,18244.0;1999,143,6391.0;1999,165,36000.0;1999,162,20000.0;1999,128,9459.0;1999,167,6611.0;1999,157,3835.0;1999,158,8543.0;1999,151,11205.0;1999,150,8589.0;1999,147,10725.0;1999,94,8517.0;1999,138,14456.0;1999,137,7277.0;1999,135,8333.0;1999,134,10000.0;1999,14,10000.0;1999,130,13333.0;1999,131,4415.0;1999,129,6569.0;1999,126,16667.0;1999,120,11607.0;1999,117,6006.0;1999,211,10000.0;1999,115,8784.0;1999,114,3477.0;1999,113,6667.0;1999,110,18335.0;1999,109,5333.0;1999,142,6713.0;1999,108,1915.0;1999,107,11039.0;1999,104,4291.0;1999,103,10637.0;1999,101,4971.0;1999,127,9659.0;1999,111,4098.0;1999,92,7798.0;1999,12,9364.0;1999,91,8000.0;1999,90,10951.0;1999,89,6700.0;1999,268,11429.0;1999,87,9549.0;1999,85,10807.0;1999,83,16175.0;1999,81,5500.0;1999,9,24242.0;1999,141,7398.0;1999,5396,2085.0;1999,77,5000.0;1999,76,4364.0;1999,74,4650.0;1999,70,17037.0;1999,68,16117.0;1999,67,9167.0;1999,64,9928.0;1999,13,18587.0;1999,62,23333.0;1999,84,9474.0;1999,61,6373.0;1999,60,7288.0;1999,80,3018.0;1999,355,7572.0;1999,273,6858.0;1999,462,9350.0;1999,463,5142.0;1999,464,2133.0;1999,465,2175.0;1999,466,7575.0;1999,290,18016.0;1999,450,18587.0;1999,477,6667.0;1999,295,14158.0;1999,275,8208.0;1999,469,4732.0;1999,467,17215.0;1999,470,7302.0;1999,471,6734.0;1999,472,6972.0;1999,276,9491.0;1999,473,9479.0;1999,475,18778.0;1999,476,14908.0;1999,277,12286.0;1999,34981,12286.0;1999,318,14823.0;1999,454,5560.0;1999,34987,5998.0;1999,5398,8517.0;1999,34988,7078.0;1999,34989,5500.0;2000,34845,17001.0;2000,34979,21622.0;2000,143,6445.0;2000,165,36351.0;2000,162,12000.0;2000,128,9333.0;2000,167,6610.0;2000,157,1254.0;2000,158,8867.0;2000,151,11026.0;2000,150,8144.0;2000,147,10193.0;2000,94,7534.0;2000,138,10675.0;2000,137,7745.0;2000,135,8182.0;2000,134,10000.0;2000,14,9935.0;2000,130,25438.0;2000,131,4778.0;2000,129,4790.0;2000,126,25000.0;2000,120,11538.0;2000,117,5695.0;2000,211,10000.0;2000,115,7038.0;2000,114,3033.0;2000,113,8750.0;2000,110,16969.0;2000,109,5863.0;2000,142,6756.0;2000,108,3000.0;2000,107,10246.0;2000,104,3260.0;2000,103,10501.0;2000,101,5108.0;2000,127,12316.0;2000,111,3178.0;2000,92,3648.0;2000,12,8195.0;2000,91,8000.0;2000,90,12981.0;2000,89,7127.0;2000,268,11173.0;2000,87,9083.0;2000,85,13636.0;2000,83,11858.0;2000,81,5714.0;2000,9,26059.0;2000,141,7374.0;2000,5396,2377.0;2000,77,6857.0;2000,76,3000.0;2000,74,4696.0;2000,70,17667.0;2000,68,13906.0;2000,67,11626.0;2000,64,8694.0;2000,13,10994.0;2000,62,28889.0;2000,84,9086.0;2000,61,6320.0;2000,60,7172.0;2000,80,2794.0;2000,355,7456.0;2000,273,6492.0;2000,462,8708.0;2000,463,4167.0;2000,464,2432.0;2000,465,3199.0;2000,466,7088.0;2000,290,11717.0;2000,450,10994.0;2000,477,8750.0;2000,295,15141.0;2000,275,8427.0;2000,469,4971.0;2000,467,16729.0;2000,470,7718.0;2000,471,6772.0;2000,472,7127.0;2000,276,9013.0;2000,473,8994.0;2000,475,20087.0;2000,476,22478.0;2000,277,14574.0;2000,34981,14574.0;2000,318,12261.0;2000,454,4938.0;2000,34987,4962.0;2000,5398,7535.0;2000,34988,7038.0;2000,34989,4918.0;2000,15,8148.0;2000,19,5336.0;2000,21,15141.0;2000,23,14574.0;2000,24,22478.0;2000,25,5263.0;2000,28,7488.0;2000,30,16002.0;2000,32,8213.0;2000,33,6129.0;2000,36,2360.0;2000,39,10000.0;2000,40,6373.0;2000,41,10452.0;2000,43,10137.0;2000,174,10187.0;2000,173,3269.0;2000,171,17002.0;2001,15,8148.0;2001,19,6343.0;2001,21,17653.0;2001,23,15278.0;2001,24,19725.0;2001,28,7158.0;2001,30,15884.0;2001,32,7567.0;2001,33,6154.0;2001,36,1350.0;2001,39,12288.0;2001,40,7627.0;2001,41,10000.0;2001,43,10000.0;2001,174,10240.0;2001,173,4684.0;2001,171,17123.0;2001,34845,17122.0;2001,34979,19046.0;2001,168,8000.0;2001,143,6500.0;2001,165,36000.0;2001,162,12000.0;2001,128,9615.0;2001,167,6610.0;2001,157,5372.0;2001,158,9117.0;2001,3,36000.0;2001,151,10784.0;2001,150,6963.0;2001,147,10046.0;2001,94,8324.0;2001,138,13171.0;2001,137,8998.0;2001,135,8297.0;2001,134,10000.0;2001,14,9723.0;2001,130,25500.0;2001,131,6291.0;2001,129,4279.0;2001,126,16667.0;2001,120,11600.0;2001,117,5974.0;2001,211,10000.0;2001,115,6938.0;2001,114,3177.0;2001,113,8947.0;2001,110,17351.0;2001,109,5263.0;2001,142,6899.0;2001,108,2790.0;2001,107,10884.0;2001,104,4615.0;2001,103,13000.0;2001,101,5188.0;2001,127,14518.0;2001,111,6250.0;2001,92,9634.0;2001,12,7887.0;2001,91,7934.0;2001,90,15143.0;2001,89,6949.0;2001,268,23622.0;2001,87,8854.0;2001,85,14632.0;2001,83,9618.0;2001,81,5486.0;2001,9,24358.0;2001,141,7422.0;2001,5396,2235.0;2001,77,7297.0;2001,76,3900.0;2001,74,6154.0;2001,70,19143.0;2001,68,15013.0;2001,67,10605.0;2001,64,10269.0;2001,13,18433.0;2001,62,20000.0;2001,84,9172.0;2001,61,6350.0;2001,60,7478.0;2001,80,2758.0;2001,355,8275.0;2001,273,7140.0;2001,462,9465.0;2001,463,5384.0;2001,464,2280.0;2001,465,2997.0;2001,466,8076.0;2001,290,18375.0;2001,450,18433.0;2001,477,8947.0;2001,295,17653.0;2001,275,9482.0;2001,469,6446.0;2001,467,16793.0;2001,470,8907.0;2001,471,6916.0;2001,472,7382.0;2001,276,8868.0;2001,473,8771.0;2001,475,21629.0;2001,476,29475.0;2001,277,15278.0;2001,34981,15278.0;2001,318,16521.0;2001,454,5600.0;2001,34987,6048.0;2001,5398,8324.0;2001,34988,7916.0;2001,34989,5545.0;2002,34845,19093.0;2002,34979,19397.0;2002,168,7879.0;2002,143,6500.0;2002,165,36683.0;2002,162,10000.0;2002,128,9848.0;2002,167,6683.0;2002,157,1072.0;2002,158,10878.0;2002,3,35556.0;2002,151,8725.0;2002,150,8036.0;2002,147,10103.0;2002,94,6517.0;2002,138,13932.0;2002,137,6271.0;2002,135,8000.0;2002,134,10000.0;2002,14,9500.0;2002,130,32500.0;2002,131,7354.0;2002,129,6089.0;2002,126,20000.0;2002,120,11429.0;2002,117,6105.0;2002,211,9975.0;2002,115,5105.0;2002,114,1132.0;2002,113,8909.0;2002,110,17675.0;2002,109,5297.0;2002,142,7138.0;2002,108,2834.0;2002,107,10947.0;2002,104,4490.0;2002,103,13105.0;2002,101,5417.0;2002,127,10299.0;2002,111,7813.0;2002,92,9131.0;2002,12,8566.0;2002,91,7967.0;2002,90,12936.0;2002,89,5061.0;2002,268,25773.0;2002,87,9067.0;2002,85,14311.0;2002,83,18442.0;2002,81,5522.0;2002,9,24967.0;2002,141,7433.0;2002,5396,2384.0;2002,77,7778.0;2002,76,9189.0;2002,74,6791.0;2002,70,19726.0;2002,68,14899.0;2002,67,10489.0;2002,64,6505.0;2002,13,7412.0;2002,62,10000.0;2002,84,9393.0;2002,61,5770.0;2002,60,7489.0;2002,80,1038.0;2002,355,7232.0;2002,273,6948.0;2002,462,8881.0;2002,463,5522.0;2002,464,2430.0;2002,465,3063.0;2002,466,7683.0;2002,290,8773.0;2002,450,7412.0;2002,477,8909.0;2002,295,19056.0;2002,275,7545.0;2002,469,7451.0;2002,467,18573.0;2002,470,6355.0;2002,471,7155.0;2002,472,6827.0;2002,276,9681.0;2002,473,9327.0;2002,475,24549.0;2002,476,29678.0;2002,277,13750.0;2002,34981,13750.0;2002,318,17985.0;2002,454,5273.0;2002,34987,5707.0;2002,5398,6517.0;2002,34988,6775.0;2002,34989,5261.0;2002,15,8000.0;2002,19,5400.0;2002,21,19056.0;2002,23,13750.0;2002,24,19798.0;2002,28,5149.0;2002,30,15766.0;2002,32,8338.0;2002,33,6600.0;2002,36,1138.0;2002,39,10870.0;2002,40,7158.0;2002,41,11637.0;2002,43,10040.0;2002,174,10580.0;2002,173,5056.0;2002,171,19093.0;2003,15,8629.0;2003,19,3421.0;2003,21,18439.0;2003,23,8986.0;2003,24,21998.0;2003,28,7326.0;2003,30,15709.0;2003,32,7817.0;2003,33,6908.0;2003,36,1200.0;2003,39,9384.0;2003,40,8420.0;2003,41,10597.0;2003,43,10192.0;2003,174,10223.0;2003,173,7171.0;2003,171,18956.0;2003,34845,18955.0;2003,34979,20151.0;2003,168,7895.0;2003,143,6500.0;2003,165,36834.0;2003,162,20000.0;2003,128,9890.0;2003,167,6610.0;2003,157,1836.0;2003,158,10011.0;2003,3,36111.0;2003,151,10946.0;2003,150,8506.0;2003,147,10058.0;2003,94,7556.0;2003,138,11349.0;2003,137,10868.0;2003,135,9091.0;2003,134,11429.0;2003,14,9332.0;2003,130,22704.0;2003,131,8930.0;2003,129,5877.0;2003,126,19821.0;2003,120,11556.0;2003,117,6351.0;2003,211,9980.0;2003,115,6673.0;2003,114,3852.0;2003,113,9412.0;2003,110,17983.0;2003,109,5402.0;2003,142,7630.0;2003,108,2072.0;2003,107,10916.0;2003,104,4756.0;2003,103,13801.0;2003,101,5075.0;2003,11,19019.0;2003,127,11355.0;2003,111,8922.0;2003,92,8207.0;2003,12,13967.0;2003,91,8000.0;2003,90,12823.0;2003,89,7329.0;2003,268,16260.0;2003,87,10000.0;2003,85,10287.0;2003,83,9591.0;2003,81,5441.0;2003,9,24967.0;2003,141,7143.0;2003,5396,3051.0;2003,77,8431.0;2003,76,3333.0;2003,74,6964.0;2003,70,17500.0;2003,68,16000.0;2003,67,13208.0;2003,64,4522.0;2003,13,10262.0;2003,62,7826.0;2003,84,9474.0;2003,61,4912.0;2003,60,5833.0;2003,80,4113.0;2003,355,9252.0;2003,273,7583.0;2003,462,9181.0;2003,463,6491.0;2003,464,3090.0;2003,465,2305.0;2003,466,8375.0;2003,290,10627.0;2003,450,10262.0;2003,477,9412.0;2003,295,18439.0;2003,275,11090.0;2003,469,8898.0;2003,467,18203.0;2003,470,10634.0;2003,471,7645.0;2003,472,6245.0;2003,276,13939.0;2003,473,13744.0;2003,475,20261.0;2003,476,32360.0;2003,277,8986.0;2003,34981,8986.0;2003,318,18337.0;2003,454,5941.0;2003,34987,6448.0;2003,5398,7560.0;2003,34988,8927.0;2003,34989,5859.0;2004,34845,19790.0;2004,34979,20092.0;2004,168,7908.0;2004,143,6500.0;2004,165,36386.0;2004,162,15814.0;2004,128,9818.0;2004,167,6610.0;2004,157,1949.0;2004,158,10593.0;2004,3,36364.0;2004,151,10759.0;2004,150,7891.0;2004,147,10170.0;2004,94,11436.0;2004,138,14400.0;2004,137,9121.0;2004,135,7500.0;2004,134,8889.0;2004,14,9224.0;2004,130,15000.0;2004,131,7530.0;2004,129,4457.0;2004,126,20000.0;2004,120,11583.0;2004,117,4643.0;2004,211,10000.0;2004,115,6722.0;2004,114,655.0;2004,113,9000.0;2004,110,18278.0;2004,109,5384.0;2004,142,7874.0;2004,108,3278.0;2004,107,10958.0;2004,104,3636.0;2004,103,14500.0;2004,101,5631.0;2004,11,20319.0;2004,127,11304.0;2004,111,9853.0;2004,92,8000.0;2004,12,11953.0;2004,91,8000.0;2004,90,16462.0;2004,89,4713.0;2004,268,35971.0;2004,87,10000.0;2004,85,14356.0;2004,83,17109.0;2004,81,5407.0;2004,9,19389.0;2004,141,9086.0;2004,5396,2187.0;2004,77,8205.0;2004,76,3500.0;2004,74,7127.0;2004,70,17949.0;2004,68,15995.0;2004,67,12186.0;2004,64,7078.0;2004,13,14070.0;2004,62,10000.0;2004,84,8571.0;2004,61,6682.0;2004,60,6743.0;2004,80,3083.0;2004,355,8672.0;2004,273,7537.0;2004,462,9053.0;2004,463,4824.0;2004,464,2267.0;2004,465,3418.0;2004,466,8134.0;2004,290,14095.0;2004,450,14070.0;2004,477,9000.0;2004,295,15783.0;2004,275,9726.0;2004,469,7622.0;2004,467,19203.0;2004,470,9056.0;2004,471,7878.0;2004,472,7644.0;2004,276,12253.0;2004,473,12120.0;2004,475,22495.0;2004,476,30500.0;2004,277,12821.0;2004,34981,12821.0;2004,318,18831.0;2004,454,5412.0;2004,34987,5574.0;2004,5398,11436.0;2004,34988,8246.0;2004,34989,5381.0;2004,15,8947.0;2004,19,3499.0;2004,21,15783.0;2004,23,12821.0;2004,24,22068.0;2004,25,3833.0;2004,28,7302.0;2004,30,15711.0;2004,32,8225.0;2004,33,7990.0;2004,36,1188.0;2004,39,16403.0;2004,40,7778.0;2004,41,11518.0;2004,43,11429.0;2004,174,10000.0;2004,173,4718.0;2004,171,19790.0;2005,15,8148.0;2005,19,3707.0;2005,21,17375.0;2005,23,10198.0;2005,24,22109.0;2005,25,25000.0;2005,28,6770.0;2005,30,15714.0;2005,32,8284.0;2005,33,10326.0;2005,36,1200.0;2005,39,13750.0;2005,40,9134.0;2005,41,10339.0;2005,43,12141.0;2005,174,10171.0;2005,173,5889.0;2005,171,21018.0;2005,34845,21020.0;2005,34979,17251.0;2005,168,7917.0;2005,143,8033.0;2005,165,36948.0;2005,162,13738.0;2005,128,10000.0;2005,167,6610.0;2005,157,5057.0;2005,158,11863.0;2005,3,36923.0;2005,151,10019.0;2005,150,10000.0;2005,147,10196.0;2005,94,18884.0;2005,138,17527.0;2005,137,8629.0;2005,135,7692.0;2005,134,8000.0;2005,14,9005.0;2005,130,24848.0;2005,131,5553.0;2005,129,5745.0;2005,126,19697.0;2005,120,11111.0;2005,117,3877.0;2005,115,7801.0;2005,114,3984.0;2005,113,10000.0;2005,110,18586.0;2005,109,5357.0;2005,142,8377.0;2005,108,3066.0;2005,107,11198.0;2005,104,4500.0;2005,103,15300.0;2005,101,5010.0;2005,11,17852.0;2005,127,11763.0;2005,111,12533.0;2005,92,16667.0;2005,12,11203.0;2005,91,8000.0;2005,90,17560.0;2005,89,7600.0;2005,268,23077.0;2005,87,10000.0;2005,85,11600.0;2005,83,14322.0;2005,81,5369.0;2005,9,18862.0;2005,141,10334.0;2005,5396,3321.0;2005,77,9286.0;2005,74,8209.0;2005,70,20000.0;2005,68,16000.0;2005,67,11678.0;2005,64,7725.0;2005,13,14750.0;2005,62,11960.0;2005,84,10000.0;2005,61,6682.0;2005,60,7545.0;2005,80,1615.0;2005,355,8723.0;2005,273,8174.0;2005,462,9857.0;2005,463,5639.0;2005,464,3364.0;2005,465,3218.0;2005,466,9066.0;2005,290,14850.0;2005,450,14750.0;2005,477,10000.0;2005,295,17375.0;2005,275,9281.0;2005,469,5892.0;2005,467,20269.0;2005,470,8553.0;2005,471,8388.0;2005,472,7639.0;2005,276,11977.0;2005,473,11604.0;2005,475,18272.0;2005,476,31323.0;2005,277,10198.0;2005,34981,10198.0;2005,318,21125.0;2005,454,6205.0;2005,34987,6427.0;2005,5398,18884.0;2005,34988,8410.0;2005,34989,6135.0;2006,34845,21212.0;2006,34979,17355.0;2006,168,8000.0;2006,143,8513.0;2006,165,37500.0;2006,162,13790.0;2006,128,9846.0;2006,167,6610.0;2006,157,4531.0;2006,158,12793.0;2006,3,36190.0;2006,151,9290.0;2006,150,8250.0;2006,149,18206.0;2006,147,10175.0;2006,94,19065.0;2006,138,12871.0;2006,137,8804.0;2006,135,8182.0;2006,134,10000.0;2006,14,8890.0;2006,130,30000.0;2006,131,7578.0;2006,129,5752.0;2006,126,12500.0;2006,120,11852.0;2006,117,6516.0;2006,115,7546.0;2006,114,2628.0;2006,113,10000.0;2006,110,18920.0;2006,109,3986.0;2006,142,8723.0;2006,108,4296.0;2006,107,11118.0;2006,104,4829.0;2006,103,15500.0;2006,101,4722.0;2006,11,11245.0;2006,127,12021.0;2006,111,3982.0;2006,92,10909.0;2006,12,10344.0;2006,91,8000.0;2006,90,16594.0;2006,89,6606.0;2006,88,20000.0;2006,87,10000.0;2006,85,8125.0;2006,83,16964.0;2006,81,5328.0;2006,9,16458.0;2006,141,10603.0;2006,5396,3022.0;2006,77,10714.0;2006,76,7000.0;2006,74,6643.0;2006,70,19330.0;2006,68,16014.0;2006,67,10786.0;2006,64,7590.0;2006,13,11927.0;2006,62,25000.0;2006,84,10658.0;2006,61,7284.0;2006,60,7501.0;2006,80,2687.0;2006,355,8822.0;2006,273,8296.0;2006,462,9745.0;2006,463,5657.0;2006,464,3071.0;2006,465,4333.0;2006,466,9212.0;2006,290,12112.0;2006,450,11927.0;2006,477,10000.0;2006,295,15883.0;2006,275,9461.0;2006,469,8342.0;2006,467,20389.0;2006,470,8689.0;2006,471,8735.0;2006,472,8110.0;2006,276,10966.0;2006,473,10552.0;2006,475,19426.0;2006,476,31359.0;2006,277,10000.0;2006,34981,10000.0;2006,318,19503.0;2006,454,6259.0;2006,34987,6627.0;2006,5398,19065.0;2006,34988,8526.0;2006,34989,6190.0;2006,15,10000.0;2006,19,3821.0;2006,21,15883.0;2006,23,10000.0;2006,24,18675.0;2006,25,25000.0;2006,28,6910.0;2006,30,15717.0;2006,32,8317.0;2006,33,10886.0;2006,36,1667.0;2006,39,13358.0;2006,40,9603.0;2006,41,10756.0;2006,43,13073.0;2006,174,10200.0;2006,173,5850.0;2006,171,21210.0;2007,15,16667.0;2007,19,2937.0;2007,21,14158.0;2007,23,10000.0;2007,24,18736.0;2007,25,27105.0;2007,28,7708.0;2007,30,15719.0;2007,32,8709.0;2007,33,10134.0;2007,36,2829.0;2007,39,11348.0;2007,40,8168.0;2007,41,10952.0;2007,43,13255.0;2007,174,10000.0;2007,173,5520.0;2007,171,17961.0;2007,34845,17962.0;2007,34979,17079.0;2007,168,7944.0;2007,143,8068.0;2007,165,25625.0;2007,162,13387.0;2007,128,9839.0;2007,167,6610.0;2007,157,6932.0;2007,158,10613.0;2007,3,35310.0;2007,151,7983.0;2007,150,6947.0;2007,149,18402.0;2007,147,10419.0;2007,94,8404.0;2007,138,10428.0;2007,137,10836.0;2007,135,7952.0;2007,134,11453.0;2007,14,8777.0;2007,130,11667.0;2007,131,8470.0;2007,129,9335.0;2007,126,23077.0;2007,120,11835.0;2007,117,7186.0;2007,115,7408.0;2007,114,1012.0;2007,113,10000.0;2007,110,20000.0;2007,109,4347.0;2007,142,9363.0;2007,108,2282.0;2007,107,10741.0;2007,104,4509.0;2007,103,16001.0;2007,101,5744.0;2007,11,17309.0;2007,127,11791.0;2007,111,1309.0;2007,92,11070.0;2007,12,11091.0;2007,91,7988.0;2007,90,17654.0;2007,89,4642.0;2007,88,18425.0;2007,87,10000.0;2007,85,8982.0;2007,83,15785.0;2007,81,5315.0;2007,9,20931.0;2007,141,10036.0;2007,5396,3427.0;2007,77,10789.0;2007,76,7778.0;2007,74,6951.0;2007,70,20426.0;2007,68,16751.0;2007,67,9203.0;2007,64,7698.0;2007,13,18060.0;2007,62,34444.0;2007,84,11286.0;2007,61,7423.0;2007,60,4901.0;2007,80,1976.0;2007,355,9403.0;2007,273,8206.0;2007,462,9688.0;2007,463,5415.0;2007,464,3473.0;2007,465,2521.0;2007,466,9055.0;2007,290,17857.0;2007,450,18060.0;2007,477,10000.0;2007,295,14158.0;2007,275,11013.0;2007,469,9714.0;2007,467,17392.0;2007,470,10614.0;2007,471,9376.0;2007,472,8287.0;2007,276,11591.0;2007,473,10924.0;2007,475,19438.0;2007,476,31031.0;2007,277,10000.0;2007,34981,10000.0;2007,318,20883.0;2007,454,5927.0;2007,34987,6208.0;2007,5398,8404.0;2007,34988,9195.0;2007,34989,5915.0;2008,34845,15783.0;2008,34979,15838.0;2008,168,7917.0;2008,143,6945.0;2008,165,32500.0;2008,162,12983.0;2008,128,9841.0;2008,167,6610.0;2008,157,1563.0;2008,158,12132.0;2008,3,34286.0;2008,151,9330.0;2008,150,10637.0;2008,149,18597.0;2008,147,10159.0;2008,94,10621.0;2008,138,15980.0;2008,137,10301.0;2008,135,7692.0;2008,134,9076.0;2008,14,8674.0;2008,131,9884.0;2008,129,7236.0;2008,126,19206.0;2008,120,11273.0;2008,117,7245.0;2008,115,8970.0;2008,114,2000.0;2008,113,42161.0;2008,110,20933.0;2008,109,4528.0;2008,142,9385.0;2008,108,1907.0;2008,107,10964.0;2008,104,5226.0;2008,103,18483.0;2008,101,6304.0;2008,11,15720.0;2008,127,11884.0;2008,111,15562.0;2008,92,16549.0;2008,12,13836.0;2008,91,7706.0;2008,90,21402.0;2008,89,7675.0;2008,88,17384.0;2008,87,10000.0;2008,85,14587.0;2008,83,12753.0;2008,81,5248.0;2008,9,18333.0;2008,141,10707.0;2008,5396,3091.0;2008,77,7500.0;2008,76,7551.0;2008,66,15000.0;2008,74,6579.0;2008,70,19249.0;2008,68,13743.0;2008,67,15553.0;2008,64,6988.0;2008,13,17975.0;2008,62,35000.0;2008,84,12301.0;2008,61,6536.0;2008,60,9732.0;2008,80,1917.0;2008,355,9663.0;2008,273,8947.0;2008,462,8412.0;2008,463,5801.0;2008,464,3133.0;2008,465,2168.0;2008,466,10122.0;2008,290,17846.0;2008,450,17975.0;2008,477,42161.0;2008,295,14152.0;2008,275,10456.0;2008,469,11585.0;2008,467,15350.0;2008,470,10142.0;2008,471,9404.0;2008,472,7374.0;2008,276,14600.0;2008,473,14268.0;2008,475,17790.0;2008,476,29550.0;2008,277,10000.0;2008,34981,10000.0;2008,318,21469.0;2008,454,6286.0;2008,34987,6609.0;2008,5398,10621.0;2008,34988,9431.0;2008,34989,6247.0;2008,15,18333.0;2008,19,2372.0;2008,21,14152.0;2008,23,10000.0;2008,24,18739.0;2008,25,14545.0;2008,28,3413.0;2008,30,15722.0;2008,32,8114.0;2008,33,14268.0;2008,36,2139.0;2008,39,14467.0;2008,40,7958.0;2008,41,11000.0;2008,43,13977.0;2008,174,10000.0;2008,173,5626.0;2008,171,15783.0;2009,15,19000.0;2009,19,1455.0;2009,21,17243.0;2009,23,9500.0;2009,24,42553.0;2009,25,3077.0;2009,28,3815.0;2009,30,15725.0;2009,32,8066.0;2009,33,10308.0;2009,36,3401.0;2009,39,11731.0;2009,40,7736.0;2009,41,10980.0;2009,43,10643.0;2009,174,10000.0;2009,173,3392.0;2009,171,15549.0;2009,34845,15548.0;2009,34979,17292.0;2009,168,8333.0;2009,143,7605.0;2009,165,21111.0;2009,162,12580.0;2009,128,9841.0;2009,167,6610.0;2009,157,2802.0;2009,158,14206.0;2009,3,33636.0;2009,151,10054.0;2009,150,13152.0;2009,149,18793.0;2009,147,10071.0;2009,94,12077.0;2009,138,11560.0;2009,137,7977.0;2009,135,8182.0;2009,134,6856.0;2009,14,8595.0;2009,131,8858.0;2009,129,5164.0;2009,126,40465.0;2009,120,11852.0;2009,117,6316.0;2009,115,9145.0;2009,114,6974.0;2009,113,10000.0;2009,110,19985.0;2009,109,4495.0;2009,142,9024.0;2009,108,1447.0;2009,107,11008.0;2009,104,4111.0;2009,103,13016.0;2009,101,6157.0;2009,11,16265.0;2009,127,12352.0;2009,111,9946.0;2009,92,20990.0;2009,12,10046.0;2009,91,7154.0;2009,90,20106.0;2009,89,7703.0;2009,88,16351.0;2009,87,10000.0;2009,85,9984.0;2009,83,11691.0;2009,81,5190.0;2009,9,22206.0;2009,141,10877.0;2009,5396,2672.0;2009,7,28667.0;2009,77,14815.0;2009,76,7656.0;2009,66,14192.0;2009,74,6877.0;2009,70,21863.0;2009,68,12995.0;2009,67,13643.0;2009,64,7840.0;2009,13,18769.0;2009,62,45000.0;2009,84,12582.0;2009,61,6298.0;2009,60,8752.0;2009,80,2195.0;2009,355,7612.0;2009,273,6909.0;2009,462,8735.0;2009,463,3663.0;2009,464,2713.0;2009,465,1708.0;2009,466,7763.0;2009,290,18671.0;2009,450,18769.0;2009,477,10000.0;2009,295,17243.0;2009,275,8461.0;2009,469,10825.0;2009,467,15120.0;2009,470,7972.0;2009,471,9046.0;2009,472,7454.0;2009,276,12280.0;2009,473,11313.0;2009,475,19707.0;2009,476,36291.0;2009,277,9500.0;2009,34981,9500.0;2009,318,23237.0;2009,454,5642.0;2009,34987,5806.0;2009,5398,12077.0;2009,34988,7383.0;2009,34989,5600.0;2010,34845,19451.0;2010,34979,17221.0;2010,168,8077.0;2010,143,7800.0;2010,165,26667.0;2010,162,12515.0;2010,128,10176.0;2010,167,6612.0;2010,157,3364.0;2010,158,15555.0;2010,3,34349.0;2010,151,10591.0;2010,150,12398.0;2010,149,18988.0;2010,147,10085.0;2010,94,12359.0;2010,138,17790.0;2010,137,11273.0;2010,135,8021.0;2010,134,7286.0;2010,14,8543.0;2010,131,6172.0;2010,129,5436.0;2010,126,17714.0;2010,120,11852.0;2010,117,5115.0;2010,211,10140.0;2010,115,9390.0;2010,114,2972.0;2010,113,10000.0;2010,110,20049.0;2010,109,4469.0;2010,142,9342.0;2010,108,2238.0;2010,107,11157.0;2010,104,5299.0;2010,103,11848.0;2010,101,6309.0;2010,11,15936.0;2010,127,12007.0;2010,111,5280.0;2010,92,14896.0;2010,12,7818.0;2010,91,6634.0;2010,90,17311.0;2010,89,7872.0;2010,88,15319.0;2010,87,10121.0;2010,85,9957.0;2010,83,15176.0;2010,81,5133.0;2010,9,20037.0;2010,141,11106.0;2010,5396,2336.0;2010,7,28824.0;2010,77,17143.0;2010,76,8551.0;2010,66,15000.0;2010,74,6949.0;2010,70,23089.0;2010,68,16046.0;2010,67,13728.0;2010,64,10145.0;2010,13,17809.0;2010,62,40476.0;2010,84,13140.0;2010,61,8043.0;2010,60,9447.0;2010,80,2144.0;2010,355,9060.0;2010,273,7420.0;2010,462,9775.0;2010,463,5611.0;2010,464,2388.0;2010,465,2474.0;2010,466,8081.0;2010,290,17594.0;2010,450,17809.0;2010,477,10000.0;2010,295,13655.0;2010,275,11466.0;2010,469,8684.0;2010,467,18756.0;2010,470,11038.0;2010,471,9362.0;2010,472,8622.0;2010,276,11612.0;2010,473,10634.0;2010,475,19466.0;2010,476,31967.0;2010,277,10504.0;2010,34981,10504.0;2010,318,20796.0;2010,454,6457.0;2010,34987,6727.0;2010,5398,12358.0;2010,34988,8832.0;2010,34989,6404.0;2010,15,30000.0;2010,19,2095.0;2010,21,13655.0;2010,23,10504.0;2010,24,23333.0;2010,25,7468.0;2010,28,3343.0;2010,30,15728.0;2010,32,8469.0;2010,33,11884.0;2010,36,3594.0;2010,39,14000.0;2010,40,8429.0;2010,41,11032.0;2010,43,11663.0;2010,174,11770.0;2010,173,5670.0;2010,171,19450.0;2011,15,30000.0;2011,19,2988.0;2011,21,17000.0;2011,23,10419.0;2011,24,36091.0;2011,25,19098.0;2011,28,3624.0;2011,30,16051.0;2011,32,8697.0;2011,33,18985.0;2011,36,2340.0;2011,39,10188.0;2011,40,7248.0;2011,41,11057.0;2011,43,12915.0;2011,174,11173.0;2011,173,3583.0;2011,171,21023.0;2011,34845,21025.0;2011,34979,16689.0;2011,168,8148.0;2011,143,7700.0;2011,165,25294.0;2011,162,12466.0;2011,128,11111.0;2011,167,6641.0;2011,157,3502.0;2011,158,15070.0;2011,3,34196.0;2011,151,7896.0;2011,150,10294.0;2011,149,19184.0;2011,147,10313.0;2011,94,12254.0;2011,138,13149.0;2011,137,11854.0;2011,135,7947.0;2011,134,7829.0;2011,14,8523.0;2011,130,18871.0;2011,131,11005.0;2011,129,6596.0;2011,126,16920.0;2011,120,14784.0;2011,117,7100.0;2011,211,10166.0;2011,115,6403.0;2011,114,1056.0;2011,113,10000.0;2011,110,20000.0;2011,109,4541.0;2011,142,9543.0;2011,108,2418.0;2011,107,11218.0;2011,104,4149.0;2011,103,4497.0;2011,101,6624.0;2011,11,13333.0;2011,127,11889.0;2011,111,7225.0;2011,92,19447.0;2011,12,13889.0;2011,91,6046.0;2011,90,16876.0;2011,89,6165.0;2011,88,14282.0;2011,87,10277.0;2011,85,9142.0;2011,83,14039.0;2011,81,5000.0;2011,9,15121.0;2011,141,10284.0;2011,5396,2586.0;2011,7,25185.0;2011,77,16542.0;2011,76,7568.0;2011,66,14478.0;2011,74,6865.0;2011,70,23402.0;2011,68,16977.0;2011,67,17826.0;2011,64,11271.0;2011,13,15170.0;2011,62,71429.0;2011,84,13801.0;2011,61,6011.0;2011,60,10591.0;2011,80,2155.0;2011,355,8033.0;2011,273,5158.0;2011,462,10352.0;2011,463,4266.0;2011,464,2634.0;2011,465,2596.0;2011,466,5138.0;2011,290,15204.0;2011,450,15170.0;2011,477,10000.0;2011,295,17000.0;2011,275,12082.0;2011,469,12085.0;2011,467,20232.0;2011,470,11616.0;2011,471,9565.0;2011,472,6810.0;2011,276,14957.0;2011,473,14642.0;2011,475,16733.0;2011,476,34490.0;2011,277,10419.0;2011,34981,10419.0;2011,318,19806.0;2011,454,5385.0;2011,34987,5540.0;2011,5398,12253.0;2011,34988,7547.0;2011,34989,5406.0;2012,34845,24397.0;2012,34979,16240.0;2012,168,8571.0;2012,143,7800.0;2012,165,30270.0;2012,162,12416.0;2012,128,10626.0;2012,167,6663.0;2012,157,3645.0;2012,158,17202.0;2012,3,33333.0;2012,151,9683.0;2012,150,10418.0;2012,149,19542.0;2012,147,10415.0;2012,94,12631.0;2012,138,13305.0;2012,137,9998.0;2012,135,8191.0;2012,134,6047.0;2012,14,8333.0;2012,130,19099.0;2012,131,6393.0;2012,129,11684.0;2012,126,17750.0;2012,120,14247.0;2012,117,7649.0;2012,211,10193.0;2012,115,9459.0;2012,114,3100.0;2012,113,10000.0;2012,110,19643.0;2012,109,4027.0;2012,142,9763.0;2012,108,2388.0;2012,107,11332.0;2012,104,5443.0;2012,103,9642.0;2012,101,6738.0;2012,11,14863.0;2012,127,12009.0;2012,111,5652.0;2012,92,13478.0;2012,12,10151.0;2012,91,5422.0;2012,90,17314.0;2012,89,8106.0;2012,88,12381.0;2012,87,10313.0;2012,85,11745.0;2012,83,11910.0;2012,81,4815.0;2012,258,6667.0;2012,9,12258.0;2012,141,11286.0;2012,79,2901.0;2012,7,23667.0;2012,77,14864.0;2012,76,2932.0;2012,66,15000.0;2012,74,4861.0;2012,70,19223.0;2012,68,13943.0;2012,67,10321.0;2012,64,8208.0;2012,13,8448.0;2012,62,73900.0;2012,84,14387.0;2012,61,7020.0;2012,60,9710.0;2012,80,2165.0;2012,355,8565.0;2012,273,6938.0;2012,462,10684.0;2012,463,6100.0;2012,464,2980.0;2012,465,2523.0;2012,466,7122.0;2012,290,9428.0;2012,450,8448.0;2012,477,10000.0;2012,295,17608.0;2012,275,10708.0;2012,469,7693.0;2012,467,23204.0;2012,470,9899.0;2012,471,9786.0;2012,472,7599.0;2012,276,11273.0;2012,473,10669.0;2012,475,15187.0;2012,476,33907.0;2012,277,10129.0;2012,34981,10129.0;2012,318,19525.0;2012,454,6855.0;2012,34987,7056.0;2012,5398,12630.0;2012,34988,8198.0;2012,34989,6829.0;2012,15,30000.0;2012,19,958.0;2012,21,17608.0;2012,23,10129.0;2012,24,37500.0;2012,25,9470.0;2012,28,4146.0;2012,30,16400.0;2012,32,8583.0;2012,33,15163.0;2012,36,2606.0;2012,39,18219.0;2012,40,8472.0;2012,41,11095.0;2012,43,13175.0;2012,174,10568.0;2012,173,6365.0;2012,171,24393.0;2013,15,26000.0;2013,19,1979.0;2013,21,18288.0;2013,23,10017.0;2013,24,34717.0;2013,25,8615.0;2013,28,3771.0;2013,30,17570.0;2013,32,8583.0;2013,33,23058.0;2013,36,1713.0;2013,39,13561.0;2013,40,8127.0;2013,41,11080.0;2013,43,13383.0;2013,174,10584.0;2013,173,5193.0;2013,171,24393.0;2013,34845,24396.0;2013,34979,15979.0;2013,168,9000.0;2013,143,7960.0;2013,165,33094.0;2013,162,12366.0;2013,128,10435.0;2013,167,6644.0;2013,157,3674.0;2013,158,18672.0;2013,3,33333.0;2013,151,8866.0;2013,150,9651.0;2013,149,19794.0;2013,147,10461.0;2013,94,12927.0;2013,138,10346.0;2013,137,11886.0;2013,135,8203.0;2013,134,40261.0;2013,14,8667.0;2013,130,19326.0;2013,131,10391.0;2013,129,8249.0;2013,126,15682.0;2013,120,13075.0;2013,117,8053.0;2013,211,10220.0;2013,115,8019.0;2013,114,2651.0;2013,113,9829.0;2013,110,19655.0;2013,109,4464.0;2013,142,10085.0;2013,108,2379.0;2013,107,11139.0;2013,104,4125.0;2013,103,6124.0;2013,101,6340.0;2013,11,13499.0;2013,127,12035.0;2013,111,11277.0;2013,12,11783.0;2013,91,4789.0;2013,90,17044.0;2013,89,6833.0;2013,88,13636.0;2013,87,10392.0;2013,85,10845.0;2013,83,11183.0;2013,81,4786.0;2013,258,7000.0;2013,9,22645.0;2013,141,11742.0;2013,79,3918.0;2013,7,25000.0;2013,77,15811.0;2013,76,6250.0;2013,66,15000.0;2013,74,12755.0;2013,70,23353.0;2013,68,13029.0;2013,67,13076.0;2013,64,9646.0;2013,13,16194.0;2013,62,80000.0;2013,84,15185.0;2013,61,6770.0;2013,60,7076.0;2013,80,2238.0;2013,355,8397.0;2013,273,5811.0;2013,462,11011.0;2013,463,5306.0;2013,464,3949.0;2013,465,2601.0;2013,466,5672.0;2013,290,16222.0;2013,450,16194.0;2013,477,9829.0;2013,295,18288.0;2013,275,12328.0;2013,469,11369.0;2013,467,23125.0;2013,470,11592.0;2013,471,10106.0;2013,472,7662.0;2013,276,12874.0;2013,473,12239.0;2013,475,20320.0;2013,476,33561.0;2013,277,10017.0;2013,34981,10017.0;2013,318,18405.0;2013,454,5895.0;2013,34987,5990.0;2013,5398,12926.0;2013,34988,7888.0;2013,34989,5918.0;2014,34845,30373.0;2014,34979,15719.0;2014,168,8799.0;2014,143,8161.0;2014,165,22600.0;2014,162,12317.0;2014,128,10507.0;2014,167,6650.0;2014,157,3703.0;2014,158,20165.0;2014,3,30833.0;2014,151,7618.0;2014,150,9568.0;2014,149,20000.0;2014,147,10506.0;2014,94,13222.0;2014,138,15807.0;2014,137,12826.0;2014,135,8216.0;2014,134,27642.0;2014,14,8833.0;2014,130,19554.0;2014,131,6328.0;2014,129,10392.0;2014,126,19688.0;2014,120,13101.0;2014,117,6648.0;2014,115,9837.0;2014,114,2295.0;2014,113,10133.0;2014,110,20552.0;2014,109,5751.0;2014,142,10258.0;2014,108,2369.0;2014,107,11214.0;2014,104,4514.0;2014,103,8787.0;2014,101,6374.0;2014,11,14248.0;2014,127,12061.0;2014,111,4545.0;2014,12,12268.0;2014,91,4176.0;2014,90,16855.0;2014,89,5712.0;2014,88,10000.0;2014,87,10470.0;2014,85,12296.0;2014,83,18166.0;2014,81,4860.0;2014,258,11461.0;2014,9,16921.0;2014,141,6293.0;2014,79,3951.0;2014,7,21897.0;2014,77,16431.0;2014,76,6250.0;2014,66,14874.0;2014,74,6247.0;2014,70,25575.0;2014,68,13543.0;2014,67,17997.0;2014,64,9204.0;2014,13,17572.0;2014,62,68889.0;2014,84,15925.0;2014,61,6391.0;2014,60,8846.0;2014,80,2210.0;2014,355,9030.0;2014,273,6290.0;2014,462,10620.0;2014,463,6167.0;2014,464,3979.0;2014,465,2654.0;2014,466,6351.0;2014,290,17486.0;2014,450,17572.0;2014,477,10133.0;2014,295,11867.0;2014,275,13583.0;2014,469,7613.0;2014,467,28706.0;2014,470,12452.0;2014,471,10283.0;2014,472,7485.0;2014,276,13977.0;2014,473,13496.0;2014,475,17961.0;2014,476,31685.0;2014,277,9904.0;2014,34981,9904.0;2014,318,18609.0;2014,454,6221.0;2014,34987,6520.0;2014,5398,13222.0;2014,34988,8390.0;2014,34989,6232.0;2014,15,23953.0;2014,19,2197.0;2014,21,11867.0;2014,23,9904.0;2014,24,35642.0;2014,25,9059.0;2014,28,3524.0;2014,30,14406.0;2014,32,8537.0;2014,33,28706.0;2014,36,4961.0;2014,39,15256.0;2014,40,8159.0;2014,41,11066.0;2014,43,13591.0;2014,174,10617.0;2014,173,6298.0;2014,171,30368.0
23780;1961,15,86667.0;1961,16,72134.0;1961,17,106217.0;1961,19,50000.0;1961,21,102110.0;1961,23,123285.0;1961,24,197806.0;1961,28,61491.0;1961,34978,261053.0;1961,194,107732.0;1961,33,63063.0;1961,34,48000.0;1961,37,56485.0;1961,39,107466.0;1961,41,37500.0;1961,18581,100000.0;1961,43,28571.0;1961,44,160960.0;1961,174,18000.0;1961,173,38095.0;1961,172,87638.0;1961,171,99225.0;1961,34845,99231.0;1961,34979,90000.0;1961,170,113670.0;1961,168,16000.0;1961,166,98769.0;1961,164,113000.0;1961,163,116832.0;1961,267,103961.0;1961,128,108333.0;1961,167,57347.0;1961,161,206013.0;1961,200,50000.0;1961,160,71011.0;1961,201,83942.0;1961,65,169657.0;1961,259,57143.0;1961,34982,80000.0;1961,250,128667.0;1961,202,20000.0;1961,155,137394.0;1961,3,160992.0;1961,203,100000.0;1961,6,180590.0;1961,149,71210.0;1961,252,79412.0;1961,148,49708.0;1961,145,153846.0;1961,139,45586.0;1961,138,68065.0;1961,207,185714.0;1961,137,72507.0;1961,136,60000.0;1961,135,100000.0;1961,134,100000.0;1961,2,248733.0;1961,133,191011.0;1961,8,103832.0;1961,132,59472.0;1961,14,176977.0;1961,130,78947.0;1961,129,71852.0;1961,125,60000.0;1961,124,80000.0;1961,123,150000.0;1961,120,46667.0;1961,118,65455.0;1961,117,60000.0;1961,212,76908.0;1961,114,100000.0;1961,213,77500.0;1961,113,66386.0;1961,112,96471.0;1961,216,25000.0;1961,110,100000.0;1961,109,42636.0;1961,142,27849.0;1961,107,56098.0;1961,5,280396.0;1961,220,61111.0;1961,106,211033.0;1961,105,35000.0;1961,103,90000.0;1961,102,229302.0;1961,101,74533.0;1961,100,100000.0;1961,99,67692.0;1961,98,32500.0;1961,97,52875.0;1961,96,46388.0;1961,11,160340.0;1961,95,97535.0;1961,127,97294.0;1961,245,76667.0;1961,92,95604.0;1961,91,50000.0;1961,227,66667.0;1961,90,85714.0;1961,89,90000.0;1961,81,76004.0;1961,9,118126.0;1961,141,48734.0;1961,5396,157143.0;1961,78,32076.0;1961,10,176300.0;1961,7,243000.0;1961,77,120400.0;1961,75,79846.0;1961,3897,36757.0;1961,71,70000.0;1961,70,95578.0;1961,68,90909.0;1961,1,224785.0;1961,64,30000.0;1961,13,222021.0;1961,63,60415.0;1961,270,94965.0;1961,238,79349.0;1961,84,133333.0;1961,61,56983.0;1961,34980,84676.0;1961,60,86603.0;1961,80,97805.0;1961,355,122157.0;1961,273,81799.0;1961,462,66246.0;1961,463,39649.0;1961,464,120887.0;1961,465,75714.0;1961,466,91727.0;1961,290,130197.0;1961,450,211469.0;1961,477,66216.0;1961,436,103792.0;1961,295,71755.0;1961,275,99461.0;1961,467,109936.0;1961,470,72020.0;1961,471,48638.0;1961,472,97736.0;1961,276,124899.0;1961,473,109191.0;1961,474,210044.0;1961,475,101599.0;1961,476,183195.0;1961,277,143100.0;1961,34981,143496.0;1961,478,59507.0;1961,479,100000.0;1961,318,159843.0;1961,454,60720.0;1961,34987,55487.0;1961,5398,102146.0;1961,34988,71447.0;1961,34989,65100.0;1962,80,93213.0;1962,355,114361.0;1962,273,77205.0;1962,462,65652.0;1962,463,38929.0;1962,464,109280.0;1962,465,64597.0;1962,466,98208.0;1962,290,127431.0;1962,450,213568.0;1962,477,78966.0;1962,436,104105.0;1962,295,68147.0;1962,275,94371.0;1962,467,101416.0;1962,470,68236.0;1962,471,47014.0;1962,472,111322.0;1962,276,116492.0;1962,473,92686.0;1962,474,207401.0;1962,475,91590.0;1962,476,208024.0;1962,277,155324.0;1962,34981,155779.0;1962,478,59268.0;1962,479,100000.0;1962,318,157359.0;1962,454,58961.0;1962,34987,53984.0;1962,5398,101759.0;1962,34988,68385.0;1962,34989,64308.0;1962,168,22000.0;1962,166,97544.0;1962,164,114156.0;1962,163,134361.0;1962,267,98901.0;1962,128,108333.0;1962,167,52543.0;1962,161,187106.0;1962,200,50000.0;1962,160,73282.0;1962,201,92777.0;1962,65,146313.0;1962,259,66087.0;1962,34982,80000.0;1962,250,138739.0;1962,202,20000.0;1962,155,129031.0;1962,3,155289.0;1962,203,100000.0;1962,6,225080.0;1962,149,71705.0;1962,252,82353.0;1962,148,36154.0;1962,145,157895.0;1962,139,48237.0;1962,138,90127.0;1962,207,142857.0;1962,137,67041.0;1962,136,60000.0;1962,135,100000.0;1962,134,100000.0;1962,2,250074.0;1962,133,208843.0;1962,8,94531.0;1962,132,63567.0;1962,14,170323.0;1962,130,62644.0;1962,129,71852.0;1962,125,52000.0;1962,124,100000.0;1962,123,150000.0;1962,120,50000.0;1962,118,70833.0;1962,117,62000.0;1962,212,76955.0;1962,114,100000.0;1962,213,84116.0;1962,113,82360.0;1962,112,53111.0;1962,216,25000.0;1962,110,94837.0;1962,109,51667.0;1962,142,25250.0;1962,107,56098.0;1962,5,304970.0;1962,220,61111.0;1962,106,210649.0;1962,105,35800.0;1962,103,95000.0;1962,102,182461.0;1962,101,92754.0;1962,100,100000.0;1962,99,63333.0;1962,98,33333.0;1962,97,53635.0;1962,96,47224.0;1962,11,129951.0;1962,95,87799.0;1962,127,85016.0;1962,245,83333.0;1962,92,85217.0;1962,91,39993.0;1962,227,66667.0;1962,90,86667.0;1962,89,116667.0;1962,81,64992.0;1962,9,101604.0;1962,141,22422.0;1962,5396,157143.0;1962,78,15898.0;1962,10,187800.0;1962,7,230000.0;1962,77,108995.0;1962,75,83333.0;1962,3897,37037.0;1962,71,70345.0;1962,70,108766.0;1962,68,91667.0;1962,1,227373.0;1962,64,30000.0;1962,13,220346.0;1962,63,44115.0;1962,270,80218.0;1962,238,75837.0;1962,84,150000.0;1962,61,58152.0;1962,34980,80807.0;1962,60,100690.0;1962,15,76667.0;1962,16,54341.0;1962,17,100000.0;1962,19,50000.0;1962,21,82576.0;1962,23,139832.0;1962,24,190451.0;1962,28,60217.0;1962,34978,291415.0;1962,194,89802.0;1962,33,63025.0;1962,34,48500.0;1962,37,57792.0;1962,39,83436.0;1962,41,35714.0;1962,18581,100000.0;1962,43,28571.0;1962,44,182152.0;1962,174,14000.0;1962,173,42857.0;1962,172,83717.0;1962,171,91994.0;1962,34845,92000.0;1962,34979,83220.0;1962,170,116200.0;1963,15,81333.0;1963,16,76758.0;1963,17,92466.0;1963,19,53191.0;1963,21,87699.0;1963,23,147145.0;1963,24,217780.0;1963,28,62676.0;1963,34978,267898.0;1963,194,89663.0;1963,33,63008.0;1963,34,48691.0;1963,37,58451.0;1963,39,96235.0;1963,41,34409.0;1963,18581,100000.0;1963,43,35884.0;1963,44,179741.0;1963,174,16667.0;1963,173,42857.0;1963,172,95399.0;1963,171,79996.0;1963,34845,80000.0;1963,34979,74832.0;1963,170,83091.0;1963,168,20000.0;1963,166,99876.0;1963,164,112836.0;1963,163,91657.0;1963,267,129640.0;1963,128,108333.0;1963,167,58900.0;1963,161,208267.0;1963,200,53846.0;1963,160,75810.0;1963,201,86519.0;1963,65,167272.0;1963,259,66667.0;1963,34982,80000.0;1963,250,142769.0;1963,202,26667.0;1963,155,159426.0;1963,3,189265.0;1963,203,100000.0;1963,6,231439.0;1963,149,81121.0;1963,252,80000.0;1963,148,36923.0;1963,145,153846.0;1963,139,50941.0;1963,138,87370.0;1963,207,126761.0;1963,137,81477.0;1963,136,59091.0;1963,135,112903.0;1963,134,100000.0;1963,2,237509.0;1963,133,211047.0;1963,8,113594.0;1963,132,95486.0;1963,14,163643.0;1963,130,78981.0;1963,129,70909.0;1963,125,56000.0;1963,124,107692.0;1963,123,150000.0;1963,120,50400.0;1963,118,76667.0;1963,117,64000.0;1963,212,90659.0;1963,114,100000.0;1963,213,132686.0;1963,113,82763.0;1963,112,77778.0;1963,216,25000.0;1963,110,90512.0;1963,109,48706.0;1963,142,31422.0;1963,107,57143.0;1963,5,287836.0;1963,220,84615.0;1963,106,199119.0;1963,105,35000.0;1963,103,100000.0;1963,102,235806.0;1963,101,90692.0;1963,100,100000.0;1963,99,51905.0;1963,98,40000.0;1963,97,51727.0;1963,96,60296.0;1963,11,157986.0;1963,95,107231.0;1963,127,85949.0;1963,245,83333.0;1963,92,81130.0;1963,91,25934.0;1963,227,66667.0;1963,90,86667.0;1963,89,120000.0;1963,81,77640.0;1963,9,123557.0;1963,141,91922.0;1963,5396,171429.0;1963,78,20346.0;1963,10,232420.0;1963,7,265000.0;1963,77,89819.0;1963,75,76667.0;1963,3897,37037.0;1963,71,82857.0;1963,70,114286.0;1963,68,91667.0;1963,1,215449.0;1963,64,32503.0;1963,13,229710.0;1963,63,49572.0;1963,270,84530.0;1963,238,75491.0;1963,84,166667.0;1963,61,59259.0;1963,34980,87720.0;1963,60,116764.0;1963,80,95033.0;1963,355,122767.0;1963,273,78659.0;1963,462,62103.0;1963,463,43848.0;1963,464,113988.0;1963,465,77283.0;1963,466,103344.0;1963,290,128232.0;1963,450,220749.0;1963,477,79642.0;1963,436,107978.0;1963,295,67071.0;1963,275,88992.0;1963,467,90438.0;1963,470,79642.0;1963,471,53062.0;1963,472,113286.0;1963,276,127885.0;1963,473,103074.0;1963,474,214654.0;1963,475,107830.0;1963,476,222387.0;1963,277,157225.0;1963,34981,157512.0;1963,478,75241.0;1963,479,100000.0;1963,318,174229.0;1963,454,59182.0;1963,34987,52965.0;1963,5398,106886.0;1963,34988,75904.0;1963,34989,64759.0;1964,80,133812.0;1964,355,131027.0;1964,273,79028.0;1964,462,65003.0;1964,463,46473.0;1964,464,107328.0;1964,465,82643.0;1964,466,103333.0;1964,290,122329.0;1964,450,208476.0;1964,477,81503.0;1964,436,97923.0;1964,295,70794.0;1964,275,92833.0;1964,467,99181.0;1964,470,65835.0;1964,471,55016.0;1964,472,118949.0;1964,276,138716.0;1964,473,123910.0;1964,474,205596.0;1964,475,101856.0;1964,476,208569.0;1964,277,151703.0;1964,34981,152038.0;1964,478,69508.0;1964,479,100000.0;1964,318,171703.0;1964,454,60568.0;1964,34987,55936.0;1964,5398,97128.0;1964,34988,65947.0;1964,34989,67403.0;1964,168,20000.0;1964,166,101784.0;1964,164,110760.0;1964,163,141036.0;1964,267,155957.0;1964,128,108333.0;1964,167,59860.0;1964,161,223073.0;1964,200,53846.0;1964,160,70164.0;1964,201,83405.0;1964,65,163852.0;1964,259,70000.0;1964,34982,80000.0;1964,250,123306.0;1964,202,24490.0;1964,155,119578.0;1964,3,167369.0;1964,203,100000.0;1964,6,209811.0;1964,149,93365.0;1964,252,80000.0;1964,148,40588.0;1964,145,156250.0;1964,139,53161.0;1964,138,78610.0;1964,207,119718.0;1964,137,62482.0;1964,136,55833.0;1964,135,109375.0;1964,134,100000.0;1964,2,206837.0;1964,133,236022.0;1964,8,107440.0;1964,132,66431.0;1964,14,177422.0;1964,130,67702.0;1964,129,70370.0;1964,125,56000.0;1964,124,108333.0;1964,123,150000.0;1964,120,50000.0;1964,118,71845.0;1964,117,60000.0;1964,212,70138.0;1964,114,100000.0;1964,213,121020.0;1964,113,85401.0;1964,112,85185.0;1964,216,25000.0;1964,110,103297.0;1964,109,60219.0;1964,142,31272.0;1964,107,57813.0;1964,5,329901.0;1964,220,91667.0;1964,106,198530.0;1964,105,43333.0;1964,103,105000.0;1964,102,164064.0;1964,101,90733.0;1964,100,100000.0;1964,99,37143.0;1964,98,40000.0;1964,97,58552.0;1964,96,68735.0;1964,11,169141.0;1964,95,104687.0;1964,127,121997.0;1964,245,83333.0;1964,92,82285.0;1964,91,22821.0;1964,227,66667.0;1964,90,87500.0;1964,89,100000.0;1964,81,83125.0;1964,9,116488.0;1964,141,59609.0;1964,5396,171429.0;1964,78,21667.0;1964,10,213757.0;1964,7,268000.0;1964,77,99387.0;1964,75,66667.0;1964,3897,36965.0;1964,71,79077.0;1964,70,117241.0;1964,68,92308.0;1964,1,225343.0;1964,64,34889.0;1964,13,212448.0;1964,63,40520.0;1964,270,109934.0;1964,238,82955.0;1964,84,166667.0;1964,61,60309.0;1964,34980,81586.0;1964,60,85057.0;1964,15,86000.0;1964,16,90389.0;1964,17,70342.0;1964,19,58824.0;1964,21,83457.0;1964,23,138363.0;1964,24,218247.0;1964,28,58458.0;1964,34978,343142.0;1964,194,89802.0;1964,33,62992.0;1964,34,51000.0;1964,37,60564.0;1964,39,121858.0;1964,41,34043.0;1964,18581,100000.0;1964,43,39017.0;1964,44,190517.0;1964,174,17333.0;1964,173,43478.0;1964,172,95410.0;1964,171,87532.0;1964,34845,87500.0;1964,34979,118809.0;1964,170,114340.0;1965,15,88000.0;1965,16,57544.0;1965,17,81919.0;1965,19,57034.0;1965,21,122170.0;1965,23,145078.0;1965,24,175672.0;1965,28,72386.0;1965,34978,300459.0;1965,194,107876.0;1965,33,64202.0;1965,34,50000.0;1965,37,61598.0;1965,39,77830.0;1965,41,33333.0;1965,18581,100000.0;1965,43,25556.0;1965,44,173135.0;1965,174,21000.0;1965,173,43478.0;1965,172,77219.0;1965,171,94144.0;1965,34845,94118.0;1965,34979,130762.0;1965,170,114630.0;1965,168,22000.0;1965,166,99995.0;1965,164,111316.0;1965,163,159830.0;1965,267,164494.0;1965,128,108333.0;1965,167,55556.0;1965,161,230659.0;1965,200,53846.0;1965,160,72150.0;1965,201,88941.0;1965,65,180292.0;1965,259,76667.0;1965,34982,80000.0;1965,250,128739.0;1965,202,20833.0;1965,155,172957.0;1965,3,195147.0;1965,203,100000.0;1965,6,205188.0;1965,149,92767.0;1965,252,60000.0;1965,148,42917.0;1965,145,150000.0;1965,139,56071.0;1965,138,71881.0;1965,207,176056.0;1965,137,84033.0;1965,136,57500.0;1965,135,106061.0;1965,134,100000.0;1965,2,233583.0;1965,133,215333.0;1965,8,101908.0;1965,132,92163.0;1965,14,190813.0;1965,130,96341.0;1965,129,70370.0;1965,125,57692.0;1965,124,120269.0;1965,123,150000.0;1965,120,41095.0;1965,118,70588.0;1965,117,61818.0;1965,212,55540.0;1965,114,100000.0;1965,213,92804.0;1965,113,81558.0;1965,112,90370.0;1965,216,25000.0;1965,110,104700.0;1965,109,61818.0;1965,142,31426.0;1965,107,66512.0;1965,5,258898.0;1965,220,73333.0;1965,106,217846.0;1965,105,43333.0;1965,103,110000.0;1965,102,234752.0;1965,101,92849.0;1965,100,100000.0;1965,99,38889.0;1965,98,40000.0;1965,97,62450.0;1965,96,63315.0;1965,11,154293.0;1965,95,87781.0;1965,127,96447.0;1965,245,150000.0;1965,92,70388.0;1965,91,30030.0;1965,227,66667.0;1965,90,87500.0;1965,89,106000.0;1965,81,77600.0;1965,9,110710.0;1965,141,31456.0;1965,5396,178571.0;1965,78,21538.0;1965,10,248470.0;1965,7,231003.0;1965,77,110004.0;1965,75,55000.0;1965,3897,37037.0;1965,71,82429.0;1965,70,115862.0;1965,68,92308.0;1965,1,253354.0;1965,64,34978.0;1965,13,235879.0;1965,63,48302.0;1965,270,102968.0;1965,238,84028.0;1965,84,137500.0;1965,61,59804.0;1965,34980,69435.0;1965,60,98063.0;1965,80,133842.0;1965,355,126646.0;1965,273,81915.0;1965,462,66020.0;1965,463,41140.0;1965,464,116175.0;1965,465,77168.0;1965,466,107667.0;1965,290,135304.0;1965,450,224747.0;1965,477,77814.0;1965,436,102398.0;1965,295,78640.0;1965,275,100383.0;1965,467,104681.0;1965,470,83137.0;1965,471,56092.0;1965,472,119297.0;1965,276,130897.0;1965,473,114201.0;1965,474,237919.0;1965,475,93617.0;1965,476,206173.0;1965,277,164437.0;1965,34981,164889.0;1965,478,64754.0;1965,479,100000.0;1965,318,164977.0;1965,454,65871.0;1965,34987,57492.0;1965,5398,100167.0;1965,34988,79902.0;1965,34989,72839.0;1966,80,109512.0;1966,355,131204.0;1966,273,83494.0;1966,462,69830.0;1966,463,42424.0;1966,464,102037.0;1966,465,107259.0;1966,466,108772.0;1966,290,136855.0;1966,450,227486.0;1966,477,80801.0;1966,436,104432.0;1966,295,72704.0;1966,275,95771.0;1966,467,97995.0;1966,470,83635.0;1966,471,54576.0;1966,472,119879.0;1966,276,138155.0;1966,473,120525.0;1966,474,234475.0;1966,475,106683.0;1966,476,223732.0;1966,277,177235.0;1966,34981,177772.0;1966,478,64976.0;1966,479,100000.0;1966,318,179238.0;1966,454,69964.0;1966,34987,59069.0;1966,5398,105680.0;1966,34988,81926.0;1966,34989,71411.0;1966,168,28000.0;1966,166,99759.0;1966,164,115522.0;1966,163,151886.0;1966,267,133984.0;1966,128,108333.0;1966,167,54000.0;1966,161,247719.0;1966,200,53846.0;1966,160,72564.0;1966,201,78261.0;1966,65,144606.0;1966,259,81667.0;1966,34982,80000.0;1966,250,159802.0;1966,202,22917.0;1966,155,157518.0;1966,3,197618.0;1966,203,100000.0;1966,6,222060.0;1966,149,96828.0;1966,252,72000.0;1966,148,40000.0;1966,145,152381.0;1966,139,55388.0;1966,138,122657.0;1966,207,87350.0;1966,137,85094.0;1966,136,50000.0;1966,135,84063.0;1966,134,100000.0;1966,2,247610.0;1966,133,244811.0;1966,8,111140.0;1966,132,82925.0;1966,14,173187.0;1966,130,119149.0;1966,129,70909.0;1966,125,68182.0;1966,124,127405.0;1966,123,140000.0;1966,120,44945.0;1966,118,72007.0;1966,117,63636.0;1966,212,63861.0;1966,114,100000.0;1966,213,158684.0;1966,113,85152.0;1966,112,69310.0;1966,216,25000.0;1966,110,105380.0;1966,109,75000.0;1966,142,25250.0;1966,107,65952.0;1966,5,315597.0;1966,220,80000.0;1966,106,211335.0;1966,105,40000.0;1966,103,115000.0;1966,102,244297.0;1966,101,90235.0;1966,100,99655.0;1966,99,38889.0;1966,98,50000.0;1966,97,58867.0;1966,96,66889.0;1966,11,168897.0;1966,95,91354.0;1966,127,113878.0;1966,245,150000.0;1966,92,105638.0;1966,91,60316.0;1966,227,66667.0;1966,90,88235.0;1966,89,85714.0;1966,81,108443.0;1966,9,118083.0;1966,141,86804.0;1966,5396,178571.0;1966,78,25240.0;1966,10,249333.0;1966,7,269000.0;1966,77,91942.0;1966,75,77778.0;1966,3897,80000.0;1966,71,85000.0;1966,70,116667.0;1966,68,86667.0;1966,1,243710.0;1966,64,36848.0;1966,13,235409.0;1966,63,55702.0;1966,270,104687.0;1966,238,76932.0;1966,84,150000.0;1966,61,64705.0;1966,34980,96877.0;1966,60,100000.0;1966,15,90667.0;1966,16,87322.0;1966,17,66768.0;1966,19,57034.0;1966,21,90025.0;1966,23,166577.0;1966,24,220157.0;1966,28,81351.0;1966,34978,280641.0;1966,194,150588.0;1966,33,64151.0;1966,34,49800.0;1966,37,66669.0;1966,39,123459.0;1966,41,30639.0;1966,18581,100000.0;1966,43,24286.0;1966,44,191462.0;1966,174,20000.0;1966,173,44000.0;1966,172,105284.0;1966,171,90025.0;1966,34845,90000.0;1966,34979,131378.0;1966,170,100000.0;1967,15,98000.0;1967,16,72367.0;1967,17,63501.0;1967,19,58935.0;1967,21,110138.0;1967,23,162525.0;1967,24,227819.0;1967,28,85298.0;1967,34978,353097.0;1967,194,129012.0;1967,33,64815.0;1967,34,50501.0;1967,37,67450.0;1967,39,114162.0;1967,41,30702.0;1967,18581,100000.0;1967,43,27759.0;1967,44,171774.0;1967,174,20000.0;1967,173,44000.0;1967,172,92938.0;1967,171,89533.0;1967,34845,89500.0;1967,34979,124759.0;1967,170,101266.0;1967,168,36667.0;1967,166,98910.0;1967,164,116380.0;1967,163,151895.0;1967,267,148325.0;1967,128,108333.0;1967,167,53846.0;1967,161,237091.0;1967,200,50000.0;1967,160,70372.0;1967,201,82674.0;1967,65,159487.0;1967,259,82000.0;1967,34982,80000.0;1967,250,141386.0;1967,202,25000.0;1967,155,136527.0;1967,3,201900.0;1967,203,100000.0;1967,6,253808.0;1967,149,106202.0;1967,252,68182.0;1967,148,40000.0;1967,145,154762.0;1967,139,55814.0;1967,138,89336.0;1967,207,130420.0;1967,137,74403.0;1967,136,47222.0;1967,135,120857.0;1967,134,100000.0;1967,2,270542.0;1967,133,211791.0;1967,8,118246.0;1967,132,119042.0;1967,14,198642.0;1967,130,135294.0;1967,129,70909.0;1967,125,68182.0;1967,124,117499.0;1967,123,140000.0;1967,120,45316.0;1967,118,73214.0;1967,117,65000.0;1967,212,71211.0;1967,114,100000.0;1967,213,163393.0;1967,113,98014.0;1967,112,60000.0;1967,216,25000.0;1967,110,85417.0;1967,109,80138.0;1967,142,27753.0;1967,107,69767.0;1967,5,350287.0;1967,220,66667.0;1967,106,277231.0;1967,105,36667.0;1967,103,115000.0;1967,102,200998.0;1967,101,88211.0;1967,100,100000.0;1967,99,55667.0;1967,98,75385.0;1967,97,62956.0;1967,96,66234.0;1967,11,175885.0;1967,95,109200.0;1967,127,97461.0;1967,245,144444.0;1967,92,96132.0;1967,91,65000.0;1967,227,66667.0;1967,90,86667.0;1967,89,66176.0;1967,81,117905.0;1967,9,119349.0;1967,141,78080.0;1967,5396,178571.0;1967,78,26366.0;1967,10,256129.0;1967,7,296000.0;1967,77,113429.0;1967,75,80000.0;1967,3897,80047.0;1967,71,92824.0;1967,70,117333.0;1967,68,86667.0;1967,1,251130.0;1967,64,38329.0;1967,13,234712.0;1967,63,47171.0;1967,270,114589.0;1967,238,82235.0;1967,84,180000.0;1967,61,74506.0;1967,34980,85152.0;1967,60,99048.0;1967,80,130625.0;1967,355,138416.0;1967,273,82692.0;1967,462,69933.0;1967,463,46955.0;1967,464,93519.0;1967,465,116537.0;1967,466,102194.0;1967,290,136474.0;1967,450,223787.0;1967,477,91283.0;1967,436,107406.0;1967,295,76626.0;1967,275,95395.0;1967,467,98755.0;1967,470,78630.0;1967,471,61710.0;1967,472,120681.0;1967,276,147925.0;1967,473,128752.0;1967,474,236074.0;1967,475,107669.0;1967,476,249600.0;1967,277,180933.0;1967,34981,181605.0;1967,478,57591.0;1967,479,100000.0;1967,318,189753.0;1967,454,73546.0;1967,34987,61484.0;1967,5398,108328.0;1967,34988,76503.0;1967,34989,73304.0;1968,80,125000.0;1968,355,143266.0;1968,273,85806.0;1968,462,66273.0;1968,463,45174.0;1968,464,99742.0;1968,465,140892.0;1968,466,106250.0;1968,290,139071.0;1968,450,231223.0;1968,477,90336.0;1968,436,133020.0;1968,295,79206.0;1968,275,98073.0;1968,467,100085.0;1968,470,86046.0;1968,471,65994.0;1968,472,124499.0;1968,276,153825.0;1968,473,137962.0;1968,474,238912.0;1968,475,108692.0;1968,476,245271.0;1968,277,180884.0;1968,34981,181478.0;1968,478,63287.0;1968,479,100000.0;1968,318,192452.0;1968,454,72928.0;1968,34987,65893.0;1968,5398,131822.0;1968,34988,81959.0;1968,34989,74491.0;1968,168,50000.0;1968,166,98571.0;1968,164,163965.0;1968,163,152775.0;1968,267,175551.0;1968,128,108333.0;1968,167,53704.0;1968,161,255854.0;1968,200,50000.0;1968,160,70000.0;1968,201,103923.0;1968,65,167703.0;1968,259,72000.0;1968,34982,80000.0;1968,250,154479.0;1968,202,24590.0;1968,155,140806.0;1968,3,213276.0;1968,203,100000.0;1968,6,239100.0;1968,149,111438.0;1968,252,72500.0;1968,148,40000.0;1968,145,153488.0;1968,139,61387.0;1968,138,89150.0;1968,207,164824.0;1968,137,84410.0;1968,136,45000.0;1968,135,117778.0;1968,134,100000.0;1968,2,273960.0;1968,133,228571.0;1968,8,124119.0;1968,132,75906.0;1968,14,215670.0;1968,130,58491.0;1968,129,70909.0;1968,125,68182.0;1968,124,100526.0;1968,123,140000.0;1968,120,51317.0;1968,118,71179.0;1968,117,66667.0;1968,212,72795.0;1968,114,100000.0;1968,213,172888.0;1968,113,97972.0;1968,112,81935.0;1968,216,33333.0;1968,110,80000.0;1968,109,70229.0;1968,142,39398.0;1968,107,57447.0;1968,5,343700.0;1968,220,80000.0;1968,106,294307.0;1968,105,40000.0;1968,103,120000.0;1968,102,239758.0;1968,101,93564.0;1968,100,99873.0;1968,99,34000.0;1968,98,78295.0;1968,97,60843.0;1968,96,48627.0;1968,11,184880.0;1968,95,100809.0;1968,127,102664.0;1968,245,125000.0;1968,92,111996.0;1968,91,45000.0;1968,227,66667.0;1968,90,86667.0;1968,89,71429.0;1968,81,143947.0;1968,9,118969.0;1968,141,97753.0;1968,5396,178571.0;1968,78,25000.0;1968,10,263897.0;1968,7,300000.0;1968,77,113957.0;1968,75,80000.0;1968,3897,80204.0;1968,71,70588.0;1968,70,121959.0;1968,68,87500.0;1968,1,246542.0;1968,64,36625.0;1968,13,239308.0;1968,63,35049.0;1968,270,123098.0;1968,238,84284.0;1968,84,170000.0;1968,61,86758.0;1968,34980,87006.0;1968,60,65955.0;1968,15,100000.0;1968,16,72483.0;1968,17,68023.0;1968,19,60837.0;1968,21,98431.0;1968,23,156368.0;1968,24,266661.0;1968,28,93601.0;1968,34978,326324.0;1968,194,128904.0;1968,33,64982.0;1968,34,68091.0;1968,37,70855.0;1968,39,118956.0;1968,41,30172.0;1968,18581,100000.0;1968,43,22638.0;1968,44,194680.0;1968,174,17500.0;1968,173,46000.0;1968,172,90554.0;1968,171,89022.0;1968,34845,89000.0;1968,34979,111328.0;1968,170,104938.0;1969,15,101987.0;1969,16,55738.0;1969,17,52466.0;1969,19,62963.0;1969,21,115387.0;1969,23,176729.0;1969,24,261215.0;1969,28,94964.0;1969,34978,342147.0;1969,194,89420.0;1969,33,63793.0;1969,34,68048.0;1969,37,68152.0;1969,39,122006.0;1969,41,28421.0;1969,18581,133333.0;1969,43,27175.0;1969,44,189667.0;1969,174,20000.0;1969,173,46000.0;1969,172,79053.0;1969,171,101603.0;1969,34845,101579.0;1969,34979,120964.0;1969,170,105629.0;1969,168,60000.0;1969,166,96345.0;1969,164,98072.0;1969,163,162009.0;1969,267,159231.0;1969,128,108333.0;1969,167,53929.0;1969,161,206762.0;1969,200,54286.0;1969,160,70938.0;1969,201,110257.0;1969,65,163414.0;1969,259,70000.0;1969,34982,80000.0;1969,250,136333.0;1969,202,45700.0;1969,155,133900.0;1969,3,215372.0;1969,203,100000.0;1969,6,207995.0;1969,149,122233.0;1969,252,70000.0;1969,148,39706.0;1969,145,164444.0;1969,139,64662.0;1969,138,113460.0;1969,207,75678.0;1969,137,90113.0;1969,136,52000.0;1969,135,118108.0;1969,134,150000.0;1969,2,263353.0;1969,133,237022.0;1969,8,129811.0;1969,132,102553.0;1969,14,201520.0;1969,130,19797.0;1969,129,71429.0;1969,125,64000.0;1969,124,96136.0;1969,123,140000.0;1969,120,59790.0;1969,118,69127.0;1969,117,64898.0;1969,212,85377.0;1969,114,100000.0;1969,213,125239.0;1969,113,103539.0;1969,112,53704.0;1969,216,33333.0;1969,110,107143.0;1969,109,70255.0;1969,142,47604.0;1969,107,57667.0;1969,5,323716.0;1969,220,81250.0;1969,106,301090.0;1969,105,40000.0;1969,103,125000.0;1969,102,262511.0;1969,101,109606.0;1969,100,99518.0;1969,99,10000.0;1969,98,78980.0;1969,97,61135.0;1969,96,60851.0;1969,11,165299.0;1969,95,104148.0;1969,127,107033.0;1969,245,110000.0;1969,92,67460.0;1969,91,75000.0;1969,227,66667.0;1969,90,86667.0;1969,89,90323.0;1969,81,95455.0;1969,9,127156.0;1969,141,90724.0;1969,5396,173333.0;1969,78,23333.0;1969,10,176744.0;1969,7,301002.0;1969,77,106155.0;1969,75,80000.0;1969,3897,80219.0;1969,71,70115.0;1969,70,123469.0;1969,68,87500.0;1969,1,250500.0;1969,64,32341.0;1969,13,247460.0;1969,63,61748.0;1969,270,113307.0;1969,238,78360.0;1969,84,148333.0;1969,61,86758.0;1969,34980,95244.0;1969,60,93333.0;1969,80,151724.0;1969,355,134656.0;1969,273,82051.0;1969,462,70005.0;1969,463,44419.0;1969,464,98499.0;1969,465,93744.0;1969,466,116443.0;1969,290,140914.0;1969,450,237131.0;1969,477,94650.0;1969,436,94081.0;1969,295,80468.0;1969,275,105907.0;1969,467,109955.0;1969,470,90871.0;1969,471,67174.0;1969,472,125774.0;1969,276,140736.0;1969,473,125460.0;1969,474,227878.0;1969,475,115307.0;1969,476,225940.0;1969,277,198460.0;1969,34981,199214.0;1969,478,67137.0;1969,479,100000.0;1969,318,175276.0;1969,454,75923.0;1969,34987,67882.0;1969,5398,94815.0;1969,34988,86432.0;1969,34989,75499.0;1970,80,151724.0;1970,355,143478.0;1970,273,87582.0;1970,462,68608.0;1970,463,43232.0;1970,464,104076.0;1970,465,130763.0;1970,466,113370.0;1970,290,146012.0;1970,450,244542.0;1970,477,97136.0;1970,436,73713.0;1970,295,83987.0;1970,275,109016.0;1970,467,115993.0;1970,470,82875.0;1970,471,74627.0;1970,472,128968.0;1970,276,151391.0;1970,473,134138.0;1970,474,263812.0;1970,475,116208.0;1970,476,244894.0;1970,277,197853.0;1970,34981,198731.0;1970,478,81472.0;1970,479,100000.0;1970,318,192664.0;1970,454,75900.0;1970,34987,67835.0;1970,5398,77184.0;1970,34988,79542.0;1970,34989,74776.0;1970,168,71429.0;1970,166,94424.0;1970,164,69798.0;1970,163,194618.0;1970,267,142137.0;1970,128,105263.0;1970,167,54615.0;1970,161,286850.0;1970,200,53333.0;1970,160,71875.0;1970,201,114738.0;1970,65,169727.0;1970,259,70000.0;1970,34982,80000.0;1970,250,166939.0;1970,202,67733.0;1970,155,189002.0;1970,3,222184.0;1970,203,100000.0;1970,6,231893.0;1970,149,129029.0;1970,252,70000.0;1970,148,44118.0;1970,145,146667.0;1970,139,68082.0;1970,138,104176.0;1970,207,81909.0;1970,137,78883.0;1970,136,53846.0;1970,135,109211.0;1970,134,153846.0;1970,2,258409.0;1970,133,283851.0;1970,8,128052.0;1970,132,94091.0;1970,14,227453.0;1970,130,198182.0;1970,129,71475.0;1970,125,68000.0;1970,124,104446.0;1970,123,133333.0;1970,120,66547.0;1970,118,63660.0;1970,117,66294.0;1970,212,68787.0;1970,114,100000.0;1970,213,159977.0;1970,113,105457.0;1970,112,71724.0;1970,216,10000.0;1970,110,98214.0;1970,109,68966.0;1970,142,43685.0;1970,107,57719.0;1970,5,356492.0;1970,220,94118.0;1970,106,298974.0;1970,105,40000.0;1970,103,120539.0;1970,102,255738.0;1970,101,105176.0;1970,100,112727.0;1970,99,66667.0;1970,98,30770.0;1970,97,60287.0;1970,96,67463.0;1970,11,184106.0;1970,95,107270.0;1970,127,113051.0;1970,245,94000.0;1970,92,68549.0;1970,91,70000.0;1970,227,66667.0;1970,90,84211.0;1970,89,90769.0;1970,81,134130.0;1970,9,133553.0;1970,141,96010.0;1970,5396,173333.0;1970,78,26973.0;1970,10,278743.0;1970,7,315000.0;1970,77,111171.0;1970,75,80000.0;1970,3897,80247.0;1970,71,74444.0;1970,70,123548.0;1970,68,88235.0;1970,1,276360.0;1970,64,38197.0;1970,13,255609.0;1970,63,56350.0;1970,270,120019.0;1970,238,86588.0;1970,84,166667.0;1970,61,50002.0;1970,34980,89982.0;1970,60,84667.0;1970,15,95364.0;1970,16,54693.0;1970,17,62542.0;1970,19,62963.0;1970,21,123156.0;1970,23,175768.0;1970,24,245978.0;1970,28,101253.0;1970,34978,340053.0;1970,194,192787.0;1970,33,64407.0;1970,34,68947.0;1970,37,73940.0;1970,39,121410.0;1970,41,30909.0;1970,18581,133333.0;1970,43,25491.0;1970,44,194904.0;1970,174,18182.0;1970,173,48000.0;1970,172,95436.0;1970,171,107489.0;1970,34845,107500.0;1970,34979,98148.0;1970,170,108573.0;1971,15,111333.0;1971,16,63302.0;1971,17,62150.0;1971,19,62963.0;1971,21,109653.0;1971,23,200498.0;1971,24,257972.0;1971,28,99607.0;1971,34978,380283.0;1971,194,200364.0;1971,33,65000.0;1971,34,71959.0;1971,37,75958.0;1971,39,140572.0;1971,41,31589.0;1971,18581,100000.0;1971,43,24375.0;1971,44,188363.0;1971,174,20833.0;1971,173,48400.0;1971,172,104449.0;1971,171,104779.0;1971,34845,104762.0;1971,34979,117256.0;1971,170,98403.0;1971,168,80769.0;1971,166,96428.0;1971,164,57752.0;1971,163,204462.0;1971,267,139427.0;1971,128,105263.0;1971,167,51724.0;1971,161,245772.0;1971,200,53333.0;1971,160,70588.0;1971,201,127355.0;1971,65,163443.0;1971,259,81725.0;1971,34982,80000.0;1971,250,134124.0;1971,202,23077.0;1971,155,161265.0;1971,3,248773.0;1971,203,100000.0;1971,6,202876.0;1971,149,130715.0;1971,252,70000.0;1971,148,42462.0;1971,145,145833.0;1971,139,71694.0;1971,138,115722.0;1971,207,82065.0;1971,137,99755.0;1971,136,68333.0;1971,135,102564.0;1971,134,120240.0;1971,2,276585.0;1971,133,255626.0;1971,8,137224.0;1971,132,98266.0;1971,14,210026.0;1971,130,148621.0;1971,129,71429.0;1971,208,106667.0;1971,125,68000.0;1971,124,120139.0;1971,123,133333.0;1971,120,66336.0;1971,118,61387.0;1971,117,64201.0;1971,212,72109.0;1971,114,100000.0;1971,213,163516.0;1971,113,110219.0;1971,112,56364.0;1971,216,25000.0;1971,110,98214.0;1971,109,68333.0;1971,142,46030.0;1971,107,55896.0;1971,5,373125.0;1971,220,55882.0;1971,106,300650.0;1971,105,40000.0;1971,103,104000.0;1971,102,228117.0;1971,101,113168.0;1971,100,100000.0;1971,99,70000.0;1971,98,43333.0;1971,97,72632.0;1971,96,75718.0;1971,11,149101.0;1971,95,101855.0;1971,226,135000.0;1971,127,113153.0;1971,245,128571.0;1971,92,123342.0;1971,91,70000.0;1971,227,75000.0;1971,90,84211.0;1971,89,69900.0;1971,81,110182.0;1971,9,123540.0;1971,141,99446.0;1971,5396,176923.0;1971,78,24193.0;1971,10,250056.0;1971,7,377000.0;1971,77,122800.0;1971,75,80000.0;1971,3897,87500.0;1971,71,84421.0;1971,70,124260.0;1971,68,75294.0;1971,1,288955.0;1971,64,42398.0;1971,13,255955.0;1971,63,62674.0;1971,270,117374.0;1971,238,83215.0;1971,84,150000.0;1971,61,90155.0;1971,34980,90690.0;1971,60,86667.0;1971,80,153333.0;1971,355,137155.0;1971,273,81387.0;1971,462,66979.0;1971,463,40846.0;1971,464,98847.0;1971,465,105876.0;1971,466,101327.0;1971,290,147888.0;1971,450,244980.0;1971,477,100422.0;1971,436,65331.0;1971,295,87291.0;1971,275,109527.0;1971,467,111880.0;1971,470,97315.0;1971,471,80281.0;1971,472,129917.0;1971,276,143120.0;1971,473,125651.0;1971,474,263113.0;1971,475,114195.0;1971,476,235060.0;1971,277,216811.0;1971,34981,218192.0;1971,478,42403.0;1971,479,100000.0;1971,318,177176.0;1971,454,75149.0;1971,34987,68248.0;1971,5398,68578.0;1971,34988,90644.0;1971,34989,79091.0;1972,80,150000.0;1972,355,134099.0;1972,273,89003.0;1972,462,67045.0;1972,463,40399.0;1972,464,103773.0;1972,465,174078.0;1972,466,88587.0;1972,290,142649.0;1972,450,250772.0;1972,477,103963.0;1972,436,113509.0;1972,295,77847.0;1972,275,108349.0;1972,467,110035.0;1972,470,95967.0;1972,471,87709.0;1972,472,133066.0;1972,276,140109.0;1972,473,120776.0;1972,474,252192.0;1972,475,114715.0;1972,476,252113.0;1972,277,218920.0;1972,34981,220275.0;1972,478,58108.0;1972,479,100000.0;1972,318,196428.0;1972,454,74132.0;1972,34987,65950.0;1972,5398,112986.0;1972,34988,89664.0;1972,34989,78473.0;1972,168,69231.0;1972,166,100100.0;1972,164,145703.0;1972,163,192098.0;1972,267,158120.0;1972,128,105263.0;1972,167,51724.0;1972,161,250999.0;1972,200,53333.0;1972,160,71429.0;1972,201,125460.0;1972,65,168901.0;1972,259,156857.0;1972,34982,80000.0;1972,250,125106.0;1972,202,23077.0;1972,155,150653.0;1972,3,238771.0;1972,203,100000.0;1972,6,236409.0;1972,149,131740.0;1972,252,86667.0;1972,148,38691.0;1972,145,150000.0;1972,139,75477.0;1972,138,123720.0;1972,207,81467.0;1972,137,98099.0;1972,136,72941.0;1972,135,105079.0;1972,134,100000.0;1972,2,242547.0;1972,133,257374.0;1972,8,152037.0;1972,132,94671.0;1972,14,232385.0;1972,130,109512.0;1972,129,71875.0;1972,208,60000.0;1972,125,72000.0;1972,124,127108.0;1972,123,133333.0;1972,120,47553.0;1972,118,48232.0;1972,117,65596.0;1972,212,88375.0;1972,114,100000.0;1972,213,136655.0;1972,113,110994.0;1972,112,36429.0;1972,216,25000.0;1972,110,140000.0;1972,109,67742.0;1972,142,46562.0;1972,107,57597.0;1972,5,374883.0;1972,220,77333.0;1972,106,306460.0;1972,105,43333.0;1972,103,96429.0;1972,102,220558.0;1972,101,110448.0;1972,100,107500.0;1972,99,105652.0;1972,98,58750.0;1972,97,63240.0;1972,96,67632.0;1972,11,183492.0;1972,95,99983.0;1972,226,106667.0;1972,127,106160.0;1972,245,106250.0;1972,92,117479.0;1972,91,70000.0;1972,227,66667.0;1972,90,81000.0;1972,89,46667.0;1972,81,182432.0;1972,9,131521.0;1972,141,88384.0;1972,5396,158730.0;1972,78,25640.0;1972,10,253216.0;1972,7,317000.0;1972,77,153178.0;1972,75,80000.0;1972,3897,84100.0;1972,71,105263.0;1972,70,126437.0;1972,68,97470.0;1972,1,277854.0;1972,64,39741.0;1972,13,263167.0;1972,63,45597.0;1972,270,98403.0;1972,238,84837.0;1972,84,175000.0;1972,61,113253.0;1972,34980,76336.0;1972,60,86667.0;1972,15,103947.0;1972,16,53203.0;1972,17,53450.0;1972,19,62963.0;1972,21,91093.0;1972,23,203411.0;1972,24,231955.0;1972,28,98746.0;1972,34978,362648.0;1972,194,200526.0;1972,33,64516.0;1972,34,62848.0;1972,37,78515.0;1972,39,128967.0;1972,41,31273.0;1972,18581,100000.0;1972,43,26027.0;1972,44,187349.0;1972,174,16667.0;1972,173,48600.0;1972,172,92557.0;1972,171,102188.0;1972,34845,102174.0;1972,34979,116481.0;1972,170,92000.0;1973,15,110000.0;1973,16,60902.0;1973,17,55950.0;1973,19,64815.0;1973,21,130994.0;1973,23,196876.0;1973,24,251390.0;1973,28,95370.0;1973,34978,331822.0;1973,194,200364.0;1973,33,65079.0;1973,34,63118.0;1973,37,70868.0;1973,39,120906.0;1973,41,32284.0;1973,18581,100000.0;1973,43,27406.0;1973,44,193155.0;1973,174,20000.0;1973,173,46000.0;1973,172,93505.0;1973,171,134986.0;1973,34845,135000.0;1973,34979,122175.0;1973,170,104513.0;1973,168,68966.0;1973,166,116142.0;1973,164,99316.0;1973,163,186937.0;1973,267,167549.0;1973,128,105263.0;1973,167,53333.0;1973,161,245011.0;1973,200,51250.0;1973,160,70976.0;1973,201,123737.0;1973,65,179213.0;1973,259,173333.0;1973,34982,80000.0;1973,250,127470.0;1973,202,26024.0;1973,155,146070.0;1973,3,231415.0;1973,203,100000.0;1973,6,221728.0;1973,149,136788.0;1973,252,86667.0;1973,148,36871.0;1973,145,140000.0;1973,139,54535.0;1973,138,109357.0;1973,207,92769.0;1973,137,88208.0;1973,136,80000.0;1973,135,106889.0;1973,134,100000.0;1973,2,279169.0;1973,133,293772.0;1973,8,158623.0;1973,132,70071.0;1973,14,232023.0;1973,130,40755.0;1973,129,70270.0;1973,208,190000.0;1973,125,72000.0;1973,124,131409.0;1973,123,128571.0;1973,120,50226.0;1973,118,46934.0;1973,117,67143.0;1973,212,89364.0;1973,114,100000.0;1973,213,169227.0;1973,113,115959.0;1973,112,103824.0;1973,216,24615.0;1973,110,140000.0;1973,109,69355.0;1973,142,49712.0;1973,107,57393.0;1973,5,368292.0;1973,220,111111.0;1973,106,300945.0;1973,105,46667.0;1973,103,84375.0;1973,102,229596.0;1973,101,103562.0;1973,100,104167.0;1973,99,298667.0;1973,98,62000.0;1973,97,63997.0;1973,96,69448.0;1973,11,193878.0;1973,95,97867.0;1973,226,87500.0;1973,127,112944.0;1973,245,92000.0;1973,92,88705.0;1973,91,72652.0;1973,227,68333.0;1973,90,81154.0;1973,89,54829.0;1973,81,139750.0;1973,9,136399.0;1973,141,78711.0;1973,5396,174603.0;1973,78,24012.0;1973,10,209588.0;1973,7,364000.0;1973,77,133063.0;1973,75,65406.0;1973,3897,70111.0;1973,71,74737.0;1973,70,122222.0;1973,68,88300.0;1973,1,303034.0;1973,64,36592.0;1973,13,256036.0;1973,63,54358.0;1973,270,134964.0;1973,238,99885.0;1973,84,150000.0;1973,61,113844.0;1973,34980,93946.0;1973,60,85714.0;1973,80,147059.0;1973,355,152883.0;1973,273,85143.0;1973,462,66079.0;1973,463,41731.0;1973,464,107269.0;1973,465,132653.0;1973,466,82682.0;1973,290,146834.0;1973,450,245538.0;1973,477,107593.0;1973,436,87578.0;1973,295,83044.0;1973,275,127252.0;1973,467,140424.0;1973,470,88780.0;1973,471,86770.0;1973,472,129295.0;1973,276,160943.0;1973,473,148097.0;1973,474,264613.0;1973,475,122720.0;1973,476,242756.0;1973,277,216413.0;1973,34981,217404.0;1973,478,95827.0;1973,479,100000.0;1973,318,197687.0;1973,454,72761.0;1973,34987,66931.0;1973,5398,92031.0;1973,34988,83110.0;1973,34989,79042.0;1974,80,147059.0;1974,355,141281.0;1974,273,84567.0;1974,462,63900.0;1974,463,43029.0;1974,464,106087.0;1974,465,137275.0;1974,466,76606.0;1974,290,161114.0;1974,450,264749.0;1974,477,100327.0;1974,436,81932.0;1974,295,94085.0;1974,275,122259.0;1974,467,134151.0;1974,470,89214.0;1974,471,80071.0;1974,472,127701.0;1974,276,144721.0;1974,473,122781.0;1974,474,279253.0;1974,475,124698.0;1974,476,271058.0;1974,277,202438.0;1974,34981,203996.0;1974,478,64688.0;1974,479,100000.0;1974,318,202405.0;1974,454,70464.0;1974,34987,65909.0;1974,5398,84597.0;1974,34988,82905.0;1974,34989,77153.0;1974,170,110000.0;1974,168,81857.0;1974,166,107073.0;1974,164,81148.0;1974,163,207122.0;1974,267,163157.0;1974,128,105263.0;1974,167,53559.0;1974,161,279587.0;1974,200,52500.0;1974,160,70476.0;1974,201,128606.0;1974,65,177408.0;1974,259,171231.0;1974,34982,80000.0;1974,250,154348.0;1974,202,20468.0;1974,155,110568.0;1974,3,238733.0;1974,203,100000.0;1974,6,253544.0;1974,149,138929.0;1974,252,70000.0;1974,148,40122.0;1974,145,140000.0;1974,139,54486.0;1974,138,125905.0;1974,207,134180.0;1974,137,89457.0;1974,136,68011.0;1974,135,106600.0;1974,134,83333.0;1974,2,278146.0;1974,133,267838.0;1974,8,156994.0;1974,132,105535.0;1974,14,212398.0;1974,130,63830.0;1974,129,70000.0;1974,208,130000.0;1974,125,68000.0;1974,124,108347.0;1974,123,128571.0;1974,120,49385.0;1974,118,48144.0;1974,117,68571.0;1974,212,84631.0;1974,114,100000.0;1974,213,171688.0;1974,113,110730.0;1974,112,57000.0;1974,216,25111.0;1974,110,137500.0;1974,109,67742.0;1974,142,54615.0;1974,107,57253.0;1974,5,429177.0;1974,220,100000.0;1974,106,262583.0;1974,105,50000.0;1974,103,79412.0;1974,102,285016.0;1974,101,101714.0;1974,100,107026.0;1974,99,81333.0;1974,98,66153.0;1974,97,64287.0;1974,96,62738.0;1974,11,180777.0;1974,95,98841.0;1974,226,95000.0;1974,127,109080.0;1974,245,125333.0;1974,92,132704.0;1974,91,54780.0;1974,227,71250.0;1974,90,71643.0;1974,89,54286.0;1974,81,144000.0;1974,9,139843.0;1974,141,84182.0;1974,5396,166667.0;1974,78,22054.0;1974,10,270000.0;1974,7,387000.0;1974,77,124578.0;1974,75,65322.0;1974,3897,63000.0;1974,71,80000.0;1974,70,122973.0;1974,68,90500.0;1974,1,316681.0;1974,64,28654.0;1974,13,274345.0;1974,63,49726.0;1974,270,101493.0;1974,238,106451.0;1974,84,120000.0;1974,61,106549.0;1974,34980,97470.0;1974,60,87500.0;1974,15,109639.0;1974,16,67097.0;1974,17,66107.0;1974,19,64815.0;1974,21,171584.0;1974,23,190375.0;1974,24,242553.0;1974,28,91192.0;1974,34978,427631.0;1974,194,188679.0;1974,33,65015.0;1974,34,63403.0;1974,37,86968.0;1974,39,109805.0;1974,41,29905.0;1974,18581,100000.0;1974,43,28291.0;1974,44,217693.0;1974,174,20000.0;1974,173,47200.0;1974,172,108501.0;1974,171,129980.0;1974,34845,130000.0;1974,34979,112908.0;1975,15,114412.0;1975,16,69677.0;1975,17,82059.0;1975,19,59259.0;1975,21,121824.0;1975,23,197190.0;1975,24,228461.0;1975,28,93792.0;1975,34978,346760.0;1975,194,160196.0;1975,33,65152.0;1975,34,65323.0;1975,37,86539.0;1975,39,105929.0;1975,41,32606.0;1975,18581,120000.0;1975,43,26667.0;1975,44,207350.0;1975,174,20000.0;1975,173,40000.0;1975,172,103164.0;1975,171,115704.0;1975,34845,115714.0;1975,34979,109736.0;1975,170,120000.0;1975,168,51200.0;1975,166,115227.0;1975,164,127554.0;1975,163,185648.0;1975,267,142411.0;1975,128,120000.0;1975,167,56034.0;1975,161,222707.0;1975,200,52500.0;1975,160,70159.0;1975,201,126426.0;1975,65,174893.0;1975,259,181500.0;1975,34982,80000.0;1975,250,130649.0;1975,202,22082.0;1975,155,140124.0;1975,3,230688.0;1975,203,100000.0;1975,6,187195.0;1975,149,153236.0;1975,148,41455.0;1975,145,140000.0;1975,139,54403.0;1975,138,125381.0;1975,207,90071.0;1975,137,105982.0;1975,136,72941.0;1975,135,100000.0;1975,134,84518.0;1975,2,250862.0;1975,133,329293.0;1975,8,162315.0;1975,132,73328.0;1975,14,233934.0;1975,130,109107.0;1975,129,73053.0;1975,208,100000.0;1975,125,66667.0;1975,124,97222.0;1975,123,129730.0;1975,120,46871.0;1975,118,57754.0;1975,117,70000.0;1975,212,84977.0;1975,114,100000.0;1975,213,152045.0;1975,113,121301.0;1975,112,94651.0;1975,216,24727.0;1975,110,100067.0;1975,109,66667.0;1975,142,43416.0;1975,107,57210.0;1975,5,330980.0;1975,220,100000.0;1975,106,254712.0;1975,105,41085.0;1975,103,73684.0;1975,102,190208.0;1975,101,104552.0;1975,100,108863.0;1975,99,12593.0;1975,98,72279.0;1975,97,65395.0;1975,96,62079.0;1975,11,179897.0;1975,95,94831.0;1975,226,100000.0;1975,127,127600.0;1975,245,174933.0;1975,92,89049.0;1975,91,66037.0;1975,227,75000.0;1975,90,26264.0;1975,89,60000.0;1975,81,148333.0;1975,9,138716.0;1975,141,70224.0;1975,5396,206923.0;1975,78,22180.0;1975,10,199146.0;1975,7,365846.0;1975,77,132230.0;1975,75,99445.0;1975,3897,57273.0;1975,71,100000.0;1975,70,139888.0;1975,68,62606.0;1975,72,147368.0;1975,1,234657.0;1975,64,31412.0;1975,13,285023.0;1975,63,46892.0;1975,270,112112.0;1975,238,107513.0;1975,84,111111.0;1975,61,108809.0;1975,34980,76281.0;1975,60,86957.0;1975,80,151815.0;1975,355,136232.0;1975,273,85599.0;1975,462,64937.0;1975,463,39754.0;1975,464,105955.0;1975,465,145639.0;1975,466,73499.0;1975,290,158123.0;1975,450,271665.0;1975,477,108049.0;1975,436,106441.0;1975,295,88249.0;1975,275,118185.0;1975,467,123047.0;1975,470,100945.0;1975,471,79688.0;1975,472,142007.0;1975,276,139538.0;1975,473,127907.0;1975,474,216915.0;1975,475,119230.0;1975,476,217656.0;1975,277,206300.0;1975,34981,208147.0;1975,478,40265.0;1975,479,100000.0;1975,318,180075.0;1975,454,71934.0;1975,34987,66210.0;1975,5398,106247.0;1975,34988,93088.0;1975,34989,78648.0;1976,80,150488.0;1976,355,143122.0;1976,273,83345.0;1976,462,64353.0;1976,463,41046.0;1976,464,107004.0;1976,465,135898.0;1976,466,73078.0;1976,290,164926.0;1976,450,279371.0;1976,477,107383.0;1976,436,121780.0;1976,295,91023.0;1976,275,120861.0;1976,467,122982.0;1976,470,109817.0;1976,471,79751.0;1976,472,154868.0;1976,276,148163.0;1976,473,142406.0;1976,474,212276.0;1976,475,125542.0;1976,476,183227.0;1976,277,217599.0;1976,34981,220173.0;1976,478,33084.0;1976,479,100000.0;1976,318,184654.0;1976,454,74618.0;1976,34987,70936.0;1976,5398,120379.0;1976,34988,99868.0;1976,34989,80932.0;1976,170,121264.0;1976,168,51200.0;1976,166,116554.0;1976,164,142014.0;1976,163,220497.0;1976,267,175520.0;1976,128,123810.0;1976,167,55593.0;1976,161,174688.0;1976,200,49412.0;1976,160,71245.0;1976,201,121049.0;1976,65,165491.0;1976,259,183000.0;1976,34982,80000.0;1976,250,142632.0;1976,202,21429.0;1976,155,179867.0;1976,3,153786.0;1976,203,100000.0;1976,6,163866.0;1976,149,156615.0;1976,148,41077.0;1976,145,140000.0;1976,139,54223.0;1976,138,120943.0;1976,207,86475.0;1976,137,117384.0;1976,136,77000.0;1976,135,84444.0;1976,134,96743.0;1976,2,249002.0;1976,133,324119.0;1976,8,168372.0;1976,132,74931.0;1976,14,271913.0;1976,130,147191.0;1976,129,72766.0;1976,208,140000.0;1976,125,71429.0;1976,124,96774.0;1976,123,130526.0;1976,120,57481.0;1976,118,61372.0;1976,117,71429.0;1976,212,93749.0;1976,114,100000.0;1976,213,151574.0;1976,113,123122.0;1976,112,76596.0;1976,216,24727.0;1976,110,103589.0;1976,109,70000.0;1976,142,48580.0;1976,107,58842.0;1976,5,301959.0;1976,220,55556.0;1976,106,261528.0;1976,105,41153.0;1976,103,71429.0;1976,102,200817.0;1976,101,112213.0;1976,100,126705.0;1976,99,40000.0;1976,98,80275.0;1976,97,65939.0;1976,96,60755.0;1976,11,202558.0;1976,95,79761.0;1976,226,101250.0;1976,127,116826.0;1976,245,185333.0;1976,92,159136.0;1976,91,66036.0;1976,227,90000.0;1976,90,50100.0;1976,89,60526.0;1976,81,142500.0;1976,9,144798.0;1976,141,89547.0;1976,5396,192308.0;1976,78,30943.0;1976,10,232294.0;1976,7,314000.0;1976,77,133809.0;1976,75,25731.0;1976,3897,53043.0;1976,71,105000.0;1976,70,153226.0;1976,68,71520.0;1976,72,168000.0;1976,1,215721.0;1976,64,33308.0;1976,13,290794.0;1976,63,64123.0;1976,270,120082.0;1976,238,105596.0;1976,84,102562.0;1976,61,114167.0;1976,34980,91890.0;1976,60,90000.0;1976,15,178788.0;1976,16,74194.0;1976,17,70937.0;1976,19,64815.0;1976,21,141586.0;1976,23,208423.0;1976,24,238163.0;1976,27,270000.0;1976,28,94132.0;1976,34978,223686.0;1976,194,200000.0;1976,33,65672.0;1976,34,63489.0;1976,37,95047.0;1976,39,120658.0;1976,41,33636.0;1976,18581,208333.0;1976,43,26667.0;1976,44,219738.0;1976,174,20000.0;1976,173,44000.0;1976,172,78743.0;1976,171,112996.0;1976,34845,113000.0;1976,34979,110762.0;1977,15,105263.0;1977,16,75484.0;1977,17,63036.0;1977,19,72727.0;1977,21,158872.0;1977,23,215071.0;1977,24,224633.0;1977,27,273333.0;1977,28,95033.0;1977,34978,393484.0;1977,194,162128.0;1977,33,66176.0;1977,34,52625.0;1977,37,96866.0;1977,39,113183.0;1977,41,34545.0;1977,18581,170000.0;1977,43,26667.0;1977,44,225227.0;1977,174,20000.0;1977,173,48000.0;1977,172,108128.0;1977,171,132350.0;1977,34845,132375.0;1977,34979,113610.0;1977,170,123738.0;1977,168,50000.0;1977,166,105679.0;1977,164,126043.0;1977,163,233671.0;1977,267,160399.0;1977,128,124444.0;1977,167,54262.0;1977,161,251559.0;1977,200,50588.0;1977,160,72114.0;1977,201,115833.0;1977,65,157563.0;1977,259,86146.0;1977,34982,80000.0;1977,250,136842.0;1977,202,23333.0;1977,155,158728.0;1977,3,261410.0;1977,203,100000.0;1977,6,219626.0;1977,149,146357.0;1977,148,42123.0;1977,145,145455.0;1977,139,54024.0;1977,138,134790.0;1977,207,95525.0;1977,137,115731.0;1977,136,112832.0;1977,135,110391.0;1977,134,109356.0;1977,2,286602.0;1977,133,331783.0;1977,8,166099.0;1977,132,80116.0;1977,14,267968.0;1977,130,110315.0;1977,129,72511.0;1977,208,164000.0;1977,125,73333.0;1977,124,97826.0;1977,123,133333.0;1977,120,59725.0;1977,118,67784.0;1977,117,70833.0;1977,212,76555.0;1977,114,100000.0;1977,213,151880.0;1977,113,116749.0;1977,112,78246.0;1977,216,21167.0;1977,110,120000.0;1977,109,66667.0;1977,142,47976.0;1977,107,51643.0;1977,5,343003.0;1977,220,51515.0;1977,106,274143.0;1977,105,41241.0;1977,104,143500.0;1977,103,71111.0;1977,102,249866.0;1977,217,253333.0;1977,101,123453.0;1977,100,111226.0;1977,99,44000.0;1977,98,83197.0;1977,97,65450.0;1977,96,62053.0;1977,11,168871.0;1977,95,95321.0;1977,226,92500.0;1977,127,111501.0;1977,245,181000.0;1977,92,137442.0;1977,91,66123.0;1977,227,90769.0;1977,89,60256.0;1977,81,151400.0;1977,9,146066.0;1977,141,93576.0;1977,5396,169231.0;1977,78,20000.0;1977,10,269448.0;1977,7,297000.0;1977,77,127825.0;1977,75,104858.0;1977,3897,52174.0;1977,71,74692.0;1977,70,155556.0;1977,68,79228.0;1977,72,205405.0;1977,1,285388.0;1977,64,35204.0;1977,13,291299.0;1977,63,51085.0;1977,270,118370.0;1977,238,114208.0;1977,84,92410.0;1977,61,116872.0;1977,34980,96317.0;1977,60,85714.0;1977,80,146333.0;1977,355,146567.0;1977,273,86782.0;1977,462,67702.0;1977,463,42704.0;1977,464,102891.0;1977,465,143843.0;1977,466,72897.0;1977,290,166665.0;1977,450,280160.0;1977,477,99958.0;1977,436,117228.0;1977,295,94744.0;1977,275,131948.0;1977,467,139504.0;1977,470,109332.0;1977,471,89570.0;1977,472,157891.0;1977,276,149842.0;1977,473,132151.0;1977,474,265253.0;1977,475,128225.0;1977,476,246835.0;1977,277,225371.0;1977,34981,228397.0;1977,478,38188.0;1977,479,100000.0;1977,318,190795.0;1977,454,72440.0;1977,34987,61898.0;1977,5398,115671.0;1977,34988,99488.0;1977,34989,81286.0;1978,80,151150.0;1978,355,152024.0;1978,273,84990.0;1978,462,67792.0;1978,463,42342.0;1978,464,102314.0;1978,465,133271.0;1978,466,81153.0;1978,290,166497.0;1978,450,285552.0;1978,477,114272.0;1978,436,160841.0;1978,295,93665.0;1978,275,129130.0;1978,467,133369.0;1978,470,116123.0;1978,471,86470.0;1978,472,156234.0;1978,276,159165.0;1978,473,142375.0;1978,474,297673.0;1978,475,123175.0;1978,476,260718.0;1978,277,220193.0;1978,34981,222627.0;1978,478,38074.0;1978,479,100000.0;1978,318,209296.0;1978,454,75533.0;1978,34987,61350.0;1978,5398,155762.0;1978,34988,103991.0;1978,34989,83004.0;1978,170,140932.0;1978,168,46800.0;1978,166,103892.0;1978,164,189100.0;1978,163,244718.0;1978,267,181932.0;1978,128,126596.0;1978,167,49048.0;1978,161,270762.0;1978,200,50588.0;1978,160,68640.0;1978,201,115000.0;1978,65,139339.0;1978,259,127414.0;1978,34982,80000.0;1978,250,136842.0;1978,202,25000.0;1978,155,168330.0;1978,3,269261.0;1978,203,100000.0;1978,6,227929.0;1978,149,141389.0;1978,148,38344.0;1978,145,150000.0;1978,139,71683.0;1978,138,162346.0;1978,207,130810.0;1978,137,122282.0;1978,136,87957.0;1978,135,128947.0;1978,134,150279.0;1978,2,244678.0;1978,133,340678.0;1978,8,164873.0;1978,132,81394.0;1978,14,258856.0;1978,130,120096.0;1978,129,75158.0;1978,208,158889.0;1978,125,77778.0;1978,124,106061.0;1978,123,125000.0;1978,120,55102.0;1978,118,60424.0;1978,117,72222.0;1978,212,69168.0;1978,114,166400.0;1978,213,165122.0;1978,113,132875.0;1978,112,74615.0;1978,216,26667.0;1978,110,141000.0;1978,109,91667.0;1978,142,48322.0;1978,107,53676.0;1978,5,385717.0;1978,220,45848.0;1978,106,255564.0;1978,105,42500.0;1978,104,150000.0;1978,103,70833.0;1978,102,270774.0;1978,217,246667.0;1978,101,98543.0;1978,100,124223.0;1978,99,43000.0;1978,98,86240.0;1978,97,68584.0;1978,96,63237.0;1978,11,197693.0;1978,95,94584.0;1978,226,99167.0;1978,127,78172.0;1978,245,209000.0;1978,92,146215.0;1978,91,67986.0;1978,227,125000.0;1978,90,112805.0;1978,89,108333.0;1978,81,140200.0;1978,9,144435.0;1978,141,101741.0;1978,5396,181818.0;1978,78,20000.0;1978,10,299108.0;1978,7,372000.0;1978,77,136143.0;1978,75,103613.0;1978,3897,50833.0;1978,71,108247.0;1978,70,152778.0;1978,68,79297.0;1978,72,183761.0;1978,1,342410.0;1978,64,37101.0;1978,13,297185.0;1978,63,52468.0;1978,270,122300.0;1978,238,109437.0;1978,84,93783.0;1978,61,114445.0;1978,34980,83926.0;1978,60,88889.0;1978,15,137363.0;1978,16,76774.0;1978,17,64833.0;1978,19,63636.0;1978,21,138042.0;1978,23,214148.0;1978,24,246194.0;1978,27,275000.0;1978,28,101503.0;1978,34978,430670.0;1978,194,154000.0;1978,33,66667.0;1978,34,46989.0;1978,37,95302.0;1978,39,106133.0;1978,41,35714.0;1978,18581,166667.0;1978,43,25327.0;1978,44,226894.0;1978,174,20000.0;1978,173,48000.0;1978,172,107987.0;1978,171,127470.0;1978,34845,127482.0;1978,34979,116228.0;1979,15,143575.0;1979,16,76645.0;1979,17,64925.0;1979,19,72727.0;1979,21,154703.0;1979,23,229311.0;1979,24,257323.0;1979,27,250000.0;1979,28,94058.0;1979,34978,388477.0;1979,194,134464.0;1979,33,67143.0;1979,34,44726.0;1979,37,105536.0;1979,39,108755.0;1979,41,31604.0;1979,18581,180000.0;1979,43,24193.0;1979,44,243300.0;1979,174,20000.0;1979,173,52000.0;1979,172,95204.0;1979,171,111380.0;1979,34845,111365.0;1979,34979,123372.0;1979,170,132845.0;1979,168,48148.0;1979,166,102988.0;1979,164,153728.0;1979,163,234738.0;1979,267,175077.0;1979,128,125000.0;1979,167,50000.0;1979,161,266179.0;1979,200,50000.0;1979,160,72140.0;1979,201,94633.0;1979,65,170609.0;1979,259,141402.0;1979,34982,80000.0;1979,250,136842.0;1979,202,27500.0;1979,155,157869.0;1979,3,259550.0;1979,203,100000.0;1979,6,256846.0;1979,149,153651.0;1979,148,40480.0;1979,145,166667.0;1979,139,106448.0;1979,138,144273.0;1979,207,76113.0;1979,137,125548.0;1979,136,94557.0;1979,135,129062.0;1979,134,145892.0;1979,2,222441.0;1979,133,354622.0;1979,8,178954.0;1979,132,94268.0;1979,14,270309.0;1979,130,148790.0;1979,129,77551.0;1979,208,166667.0;1979,125,77500.0;1979,124,160000.0;1979,123,150000.0;1979,120,64539.0;1979,118,60608.0;1979,117,72222.0;1979,212,91641.0;1979,114,105000.0;1979,213,155392.0;1979,113,120975.0;1979,112,99178.0;1979,216,25333.0;1979,110,142000.0;1979,109,108527.0;1979,142,49311.0;1979,107,54988.0;1979,5,377718.0;1979,220,41429.0;1979,106,271011.0;1979,105,42500.0;1979,104,150000.0;1979,103,73077.0;1979,102,236650.0;1979,217,253333.0;1979,101,104085.0;1979,100,140481.0;1979,99,50345.0;1979,98,88280.0;1979,97,70045.0;1979,96,79848.0;1979,11,203113.0;1979,95,94729.0;1979,226,100000.0;1979,127,105768.0;1979,245,205600.0;1979,92,155361.0;1979,91,72226.0;1979,227,130000.0;1979,90,123946.0;1979,89,108333.0;1979,81,142041.0;1979,9,158934.0;1979,141,92439.0;1979,5396,180000.0;1979,78,20000.0;1979,10,307377.0;1979,7,363000.0;1979,77,164064.0;1979,75,89376.0;1979,3897,54545.0;1979,71,125000.0;1979,70,169822.0;1979,68,62381.0;1979,72,187111.0;1979,1,318673.0;1979,64,38996.0;1979,13,303440.0;1979,63,64157.0;1979,270,130703.0;1979,238,115219.0;1979,84,65215.0;1979,61,120746.0;1979,34980,92027.0;1979,60,88889.0;1979,80,146667.0;1979,355,154954.0;1979,273,89143.0;1979,462,65641.0;1979,463,44266.0;1979,464,114962.0;1979,465,135283.0;1979,466,81205.0;1979,290,166401.0;1979,450,292541.0;1979,477,110707.0;1979,436,141376.0;1979,295,94732.0;1979,275,120449.0;1979,467,119428.0;1979,470,118977.0;1979,471,69172.0;1979,472,173312.0;1979,276,166660.0;1979,473,150004.0;1979,474,279954.0;1979,475,133661.0;1979,476,276601.0;1979,277,233712.0;1979,34981,236730.0;1979,478,37064.0;1979,479,100000.0;1979,318,216333.0;1979,454,73535.0;1979,34987,59429.0;1979,5398,138017.0;1979,34988,107397.0;1979,34989,85993.0;1980,80,148446.0;1980,355,128007.0;1980,273,89844.0;1980,462,61276.0;1980,463,40989.0;1980,464,122929.0;1980,465,133459.0;1980,466,80715.0;1980,290,161171.0;1980,450,283383.0;1980,477,119800.0;1980,436,158786.0;1980,295,93193.0;1980,275,121749.0;1980,467,120662.0;1980,470,117157.0;1980,471,93112.0;1980,472,169065.0;1980,276,126918.0;1980,473,102956.0;1980,474,292280.0;1980,475,133726.0;1980,476,251385.0;1980,277,239340.0;1980,34981,241817.0;1980,478,67996.0;1980,479,100000.0;1980,318,168184.0;1980,454,75163.0;1980,34987,59234.0;1980,5398,155042.0;1980,34988,102538.0;1980,34989,87697.0;1980,170,121599.0;1980,168,58133.0;1980,166,101552.0;1980,164,172005.0;1980,163,232172.0;1980,267,138044.0;1980,128,124000.0;1980,167,50000.0;1980,161,250344.0;1980,200,50000.0;1980,160,100128.0;1980,201,106393.0;1980,65,172785.0;1980,259,199541.0;1980,34982,80000.0;1980,250,136842.0;1980,202,26667.0;1980,155,180000.0;1980,3,289240.0;1980,203,100000.0;1980,6,209328.0;1980,149,166769.0;1980,148,28646.0;1980,145,150000.0;1980,139,135000.0;1980,138,149978.0;1980,207,153410.0;1980,137,121521.0;1980,136,94224.0;1980,135,144765.0;1980,134,214365.0;1980,2,211538.0;1980,133,342032.0;1980,8,181196.0;1980,132,74354.0;1980,14,277204.0;1980,130,172688.0;1980,129,48990.0;1980,208,172941.0;1980,125,79070.0;1980,124,192857.0;1980,123,150000.0;1980,120,70936.0;1980,118,57008.0;1980,117,71053.0;1980,212,106573.0;1980,114,100000.0;1980,213,165637.0;1980,113,132839.0;1980,112,51216.0;1980,216,23333.0;1980,110,143000.0;1980,109,118182.0;1980,142,100891.0;1980,107,54237.0;1980,5,364128.0;1980,220,85714.0;1980,106,280038.0;1980,105,49629.0;1980,104,133333.0;1980,103,72727.0;1980,102,279725.0;1980,217,235294.0;1980,101,104545.0;1980,100,150927.0;1980,99,67966.0;1980,98,31357.0;1980,97,71969.0;1980,96,89114.0;1980,11,112600.0;1980,95,97606.0;1980,226,110000.0;1980,127,119308.0;1980,245,209583.0;1980,92,137634.0;1980,91,67326.0;1980,227,125000.0;1980,90,78846.0;1980,89,125000.0;1980,81,140000.0;1980,9,161526.0;1980,141,112676.0;1980,5396,166579.0;1980,78,20000.0;1980,10,266041.0;1980,7,346010.0;1980,77,155031.0;1980,75,77625.0;1980,3897,50435.0;1980,71,112150.0;1980,70,163934.0;1980,68,69167.0;1980,72,150308.0;1980,1,344903.0;1980,64,40892.0;1980,13,295245.0;1980,63,49762.0;1980,270,96728.0;1980,238,112486.0;1980,84,92886.0;1980,61,122589.0;1980,34980,85017.0;1980,60,88889.0;1980,15,148603.0;1980,16,60613.0;1980,17,77700.0;1980,19,72727.0;1980,21,139415.0;1980,23,233867.0;1980,24,240431.0;1980,27,250000.0;1980,28,95056.0;1980,34978,369237.0;1980,194,63974.0;1980,33,66667.0;1980,34,46675.0;1980,37,107107.0;1980,39,85979.0;1980,41,30000.0;1980,18581,166667.0;1980,43,20250.0;1980,44,231738.0;1980,174,20476.0;1980,173,52000.0;1980,172,101750.0;1980,171,112447.0;1980,34845,112435.0;1980,34979,121700.0;1981,15,154237.0;1981,16,71747.0;1981,17,63716.0;1981,19,72727.0;1981,21,192554.0;1981,23,242389.0;1981,24,263861.0;1981,27,250000.0;1981,28,97810.0;1981,34978,419663.0;1981,194,94828.0;1981,33,67297.0;1981,34,48925.0;1981,37,111835.0;1981,39,110510.0;1981,41,36000.0;1981,18581,166667.0;1981,43,25000.0;1981,44,239490.0;1981,174,21429.0;1981,173,52000.0;1981,172,112017.0;1981,171,102809.0;1981,34845,102792.0;1981,34979,120416.0;1981,170,131687.0;1981,168,55030.0;1981,166,90323.0;1981,164,169532.0;1981,163,225225.0;1981,267,188768.0;1981,128,119231.0;1981,167,50000.0;1981,161,290597.0;1981,200,50000.0;1981,160,78286.0;1981,201,123913.0;1981,65,178587.0;1981,259,166667.0;1981,34982,80000.0;1981,250,136842.0;1981,202,30000.0;1981,155,129485.0;1981,3,305152.0;1981,203,100000.0;1981,6,241438.0;1981,149,170323.0;1981,148,38168.0;1981,145,150000.0;1981,139,103750.0;1981,138,182803.0;1981,207,126233.0;1981,137,132104.0;1981,136,71574.0;1981,135,155912.0;1981,134,193674.0;1981,2,190000.0;1981,133,399451.0;1981,8,187682.0;1981,132,95307.0;1981,14,246433.0;1981,130,184279.0;1981,129,54952.0;1981,208,168421.0;1981,125,79545.0;1981,124,155556.0;1981,123,150000.0;1981,120,64647.0;1981,118,60960.0;1981,117,70000.0;1981,212,70222.0;1981,114,100000.0;1981,213,207241.0;1981,113,122475.0;1981,112,85957.0;1981,216,25667.0;1981,110,140000.0;1981,109,108333.0;1981,142,98292.0;1981,107,56583.0;1981,5,390715.0;1981,220,54000.0;1981,106,273588.0;1981,105,50420.0;1981,104,100000.0;1981,103,67857.0;1981,102,260147.0;1981,217,250000.0;1981,101,103763.0;1981,100,130153.0;1981,99,73696.0;1981,98,38610.0;1981,97,81801.0;1981,96,96932.0;1981,11,188519.0;1981,95,78652.0;1981,226,191000.0;1981,127,135018.0;1981,245,204800.0;1981,92,148846.0;1981,91,62485.0;1981,227,125000.0;1981,90,95146.0;1981,89,164468.0;1981,81,140820.0;1981,9,159615.0;1981,141,124060.0;1981,5396,142799.0;1981,78,20000.0;1981,10,294005.0;1981,7,426016.0;1981,77,139956.0;1981,75,99875.0;1981,3897,52727.0;1981,71,150000.0;1981,70,166667.0;1981,68,70000.0;1981,72,99333.0;1981,1,323141.0;1981,64,42789.0;1981,13,308199.0;1981,63,82972.0;1981,270,105420.0;1981,238,110614.0;1981,84,80122.0;1981,61,119737.0;1981,34980,95326.0;1981,60,90000.0;1981,80,146115.0;1981,355,142523.0;1981,273,84486.0;1981,462,61894.0;1981,463,33760.0;1981,464,116471.0;1981,465,135429.0;1981,466,79029.0;1981,290,174142.0;1981,450,295768.0;1981,477,108304.0;1981,436,156408.0;1981,295,106293.0;1981,275,117226.0;1981,467,110478.0;1981,470,126505.0;1981,471,80788.0;1981,472,169036.0;1981,276,149036.0;1981,473,128471.0;1981,474,279754.0;1981,475,134319.0;1981,476,281033.0;1981,277,245322.0;1981,34981,247880.0;1981,478,50988.0;1981,479,100000.0;1981,318,209459.0;1981,454,76412.0;1981,34987,60947.0;1981,5398,154916.0;1981,34988,106393.0;1981,34989,89690.0;1982,80,151204.0;1982,355,141456.0;1982,273,83493.0;1982,462,65418.0;1982,463,25665.0;1982,464,113394.0;1982,465,169205.0;1982,466,76543.0;1982,290,178511.0;1982,450,300385.0;1982,477,124903.0;1982,436,167480.0;1982,295,105612.0;1982,275,123266.0;1982,467,119037.0;1982,470,125892.0;1982,471,88119.0;1982,472,170052.0;1982,276,145103.0;1982,473,124804.0;1982,474,305316.0;1982,475,130002.0;1982,476,266850.0;1982,277,254835.0;1982,34981,257648.0;1982,478,57201.0;1982,479,100000.0;1982,318,189068.0;1982,454,78405.0;1982,34987,66434.0;1982,5398,164492.0;1982,34988,104502.0;1982,34989,90106.0;1982,170,130085.0;1982,168,50970.0;1982,166,92903.0;1982,164,178120.0;1982,163,213908.0;1982,267,181832.0;1982,128,125490.0;1982,167,50000.0;1982,161,356159.0;1982,200,50000.0;1982,160,106114.0;1982,201,118634.0;1982,65,185000.0;1982,259,137931.0;1982,34982,80000.0;1982,250,136842.0;1982,202,30000.0;1982,155,153734.0;1982,3,323359.0;1982,203,100000.0;1982,6,217369.0;1982,149,164677.0;1982,148,36765.0;1982,145,150000.0;1982,139,127690.0;1982,138,173859.0;1982,207,150526.0;1982,137,129957.0;1982,136,76697.0;1982,135,155764.0;1982,134,185075.0;1982,2,232353.0;1982,133,423729.0;1982,8,173237.0;1982,132,92213.0;1982,14,296761.0;1982,130,173599.0;1982,129,65535.0;1982,208,175000.0;1982,125,86957.0;1982,124,148235.0;1982,123,142857.0;1982,120,71971.0;1982,118,68653.0;1982,117,71250.0;1982,212,67492.0;1982,114,40000.0;1982,213,230617.0;1982,113,143816.0;1982,112,100133.0;1982,216,25000.0;1982,110,119250.0;1982,109,108333.0;1982,142,85213.0;1982,107,61738.0;1982,5,374724.0;1982,220,68625.0;1982,106,271433.0;1982,105,105715.0;1982,104,100000.0;1982,103,67797.0;1982,102,255146.0;1982,217,237500.0;1982,101,105291.0;1982,100,115453.0;1982,99,26885.0;1982,98,51705.0;1982,97,77795.0;1982,96,104033.0;1982,11,146714.0;1982,95,86866.0;1982,226,26000.0;1982,127,149497.0;1982,245,171200.0;1982,92,161015.0;1982,91,66639.0;1982,227,130000.0;1982,90,73764.0;1982,89,158333.0;1982,81,177857.0;1982,9,154354.0;1982,141,124644.0;1982,5396,126984.0;1982,78,20000.0;1982,10,255250.0;1982,7,395021.0;1982,77,165286.0;1982,75,118988.0;1982,3897,51818.0;1982,71,113169.0;1982,70,166667.0;1982,68,70000.0;1982,72,117793.0;1982,1,358073.0;1982,64,44684.0;1982,13,312544.0;1982,63,70753.0;1982,270,114006.0;1982,238,127995.0;1982,84,92797.0;1982,61,122433.0;1982,34980,93475.0;1982,60,90566.0;1982,15,155114.0;1982,16,64872.0;1982,17,56293.0;1982,19,72727.0;1982,21,177750.0;1982,23,254291.0;1982,24,245472.0;1982,27,167500.0;1982,28,101718.0;1982,34978,429205.0;1982,194,107143.0;1982,33,67676.0;1982,34,56480.0;1982,37,118067.0;1982,39,116261.0;1982,41,29167.0;1982,18581,108333.0;1982,43,19454.0;1982,44,245243.0;1982,174,20909.0;1982,173,52000.0;1982,172,108713.0;1982,171,108924.0;1982,34845,108898.0;1982,34979,135912.0;1983,15,157647.0;1983,16,87742.0;1983,17,63894.0;1983,19,72727.0;1983,21,184317.0;1983,23,229811.0;1983,24,249177.0;1983,27,130000.0;1983,28,102748.0;1983,34978,340278.0;1983,194,123077.0;1983,33,66667.0;1983,34,29259.0;1983,37,108037.0;1983,39,104560.0;1983,40,60000.0;1983,41,36000.0;1983,18581,64000.0;1983,43,22209.0;1983,44,226148.0;1983,174,20000.0;1983,173,52000.0;1983,172,101790.0;1983,171,113754.0;1983,34845,113754.0;1983,34979,114831.0;1983,170,136243.0;1983,168,36061.0;1983,166,120000.0;1983,164,162543.0;1983,163,219575.0;1983,267,165741.0;1983,128,122222.0;1983,167,50000.0;1983,161,280075.0;1983,200,50000.0;1983,160,102030.0;1983,201,117418.0;1983,65,190269.0;1983,259,107143.0;1983,34982,80000.0;1983,250,137113.0;1983,202,35714.0;1983,155,177483.0;1983,3,260500.0;1983,203,100000.0;1983,6,182405.0;1983,149,177344.0;1983,148,48899.0;1983,145,150000.0;1983,139,126667.0;1983,138,159478.0;1983,207,50000.0;1983,137,135456.0;1983,136,82490.0;1983,135,150967.0;1983,134,201154.0;1983,2,197313.0;1983,133,452955.0;1983,8,170469.0;1983,132,99908.0;1983,14,278998.0;1983,130,194805.0;1983,129,53387.0;1983,208,170000.0;1983,125,80000.0;1983,124,170000.0;1983,123,146667.0;1983,120,76367.0;1983,118,77836.0;1983,117,72500.0;1983,212,77053.0;1983,114,50000.0;1983,213,202307.0;1983,113,114997.0;1983,112,101563.0;1983,216,25000.0;1983,110,157389.0;1983,109,100000.0;1983,142,93161.0;1983,107,63002.0;1983,5,331322.0;1983,220,99722.0;1983,106,285035.0;1983,105,105533.0;1983,104,100000.0;1983,103,63333.0;1983,102,244792.0;1983,217,266667.0;1983,101,100528.0;1983,100,109127.0;1983,99,48857.0;1983,98,59184.0;1983,97,76047.0;1983,96,96902.0;1983,11,155292.0;1983,95,76523.0;1983,226,172000.0;1983,127,155121.0;1983,245,144080.0;1983,92,194548.0;1983,91,61393.0;1983,227,86667.0;1983,90,150442.0;1983,89,142857.0;1983,81,141833.0;1983,9,151850.0;1983,141,131865.0;1983,5396,119048.0;1983,78,20000.0;1983,10,232619.0;1983,7,300000.0;1983,77,157550.0;1983,75,142160.0;1983,3897,45833.0;1983,71,157895.0;1983,70,164865.0;1983,68,69667.0;1983,72,123421.0;1983,1,301795.0;1983,64,46581.0;1983,13,299754.0;1983,63,58452.0;1983,270,120471.0;1983,238,134776.0;1983,84,81312.0;1983,61,133154.0;1983,34980,94161.0;1983,60,90909.0;1983,80,156250.0;1983,355,141605.0;1983,273,86323.0;1983,462,63726.0;1983,463,31348.0;1983,464,124773.0;1983,465,136279.0;1983,466,70831.0;1983,290,177135.0;1983,450,286276.0;1983,477,107175.0;1983,436,151445.0;1983,295,105731.0;1983,275,126005.0;1983,467,122271.0;1983,470,128341.0;1983,471,84889.0;1983,472,170600.0;1983,276,144904.0;1983,473,131979.0;1983,474,263574.0;1983,475,128751.0;1983,476,225681.0;1983,277,239292.0;1983,34981,240584.0;1983,478,77754.0;1983,479,100000.0;1983,318,180528.0;1983,454,79718.0;1983,34987,59345.0;1983,5398,150631.0;1983,34988,107991.0;1983,34989,91351.0;1984,80,157576.0;1984,355,155818.0;1984,273,88277.0;1984,462,59418.0;1984,463,32836.0;1984,464,128182.0;1984,465,141201.0;1984,466,68816.0;1984,290,186563.0;1984,450,297720.0;1984,477,128561.0;1984,436,150847.0;1984,295,115614.0;1984,275,132432.0;1984,467,125485.0;1984,470,141182.0;1984,471,101005.0;1984,472,176897.0;1984,276,162668.0;1984,473,140962.0;1984,474,324820.0;1984,475,136321.0;1984,476,304989.0;1984,277,273474.0;1984,34981,274934.0;1984,478,75585.0;1984,479,100000.0;1984,318,217187.0;1984,454,82236.0;1984,34987,63761.0;1984,5398,153430.0;1984,34988,119568.0;1984,34989,93188.0;1984,170,154224.0;1984,168,37545.0;1984,166,140009.0;1984,164,156257.0;1984,163,228564.0;1984,267,206559.0;1984,128,121429.0;1984,167,50000.0;1984,161,360956.0;1984,200,50000.0;1984,160,112579.0;1984,201,116326.0;1984,65,191250.0;1984,259,97036.0;1984,34982,80000.0;1984,250,136364.0;1984,202,33333.0;1984,155,180412.0;1984,3,302783.0;1984,203,100000.0;1984,6,272828.0;1984,149,178136.0;1984,148,47500.0;1984,145,150000.0;1984,139,124706.0;1984,138,201975.0;1984,207,194590.0;1984,137,152988.0;1984,136,112487.0;1984,135,153625.0;1984,134,165536.0;1984,2,243697.0;1984,133,386355.0;1984,8,176613.0;1984,132,116572.0;1984,14,283267.0;1984,130,188493.0;1984,129,29371.0;1984,208,172500.0;1984,125,73333.0;1984,124,150000.0;1984,123,156250.0;1984,120,62327.0;1984,118,77651.0;1984,117,70238.0;1984,212,70000.0;1984,114,42500.0;1984,213,252195.0;1984,113,142628.0;1984,112,129897.0;1984,216,35938.0;1984,110,159457.0;1984,109,100000.0;1984,142,101061.0;1984,107,65061.0;1984,5,416976.0;1984,220,100000.0;1984,106,298653.0;1984,105,114948.0;1984,104,100000.0;1984,103,60000.0;1984,102,258571.0;1984,217,258824.0;1984,101,102815.0;1984,100,100640.0;1984,99,49592.0;1984,98,67150.0;1984,97,82911.0;1984,96,97680.0;1984,11,174394.0;1984,95,85621.0;1984,226,112000.0;1984,127,168020.0;1984,245,141240.0;1984,92,204802.0;1984,91,64988.0;1984,227,86667.0;1984,90,161142.0;1984,89,142857.0;1984,81,146269.0;1984,9,172086.0;1984,141,114597.0;1984,5396,120000.0;1984,78,20000.0;1984,10,325461.0;1984,7,398017.0;1984,77,174783.0;1984,75,104710.0;1984,3897,44167.0;1984,71,117391.0;1984,70,168631.0;1984,68,77647.0;1984,72,127444.0;1984,1,370456.0;1984,64,48477.0;1984,13,311082.0;1984,63,77589.0;1984,270,125205.0;1984,238,138710.0;1984,84,93301.0;1984,61,221862.0;1984,34980,89691.0;1984,60,91228.0;1984,15,144444.0;1984,16,62937.0;1984,17,72451.0;1984,19,72727.0;1984,21,185606.0;1984,23,268768.0;1984,24,275422.0;1984,27,150000.0;1984,28,104151.0;1984,34978,444569.0;1984,194,133333.0;1984,33,78858.0;1984,34,46352.0;1984,37,125766.0;1984,39,105715.0;1984,40,60000.0;1984,41,37000.0;1984,18581,250000.0;1984,43,17589.0;1984,44,237766.0;1984,174,21008.0;1984,173,52000.0;1984,172,127338.0;1984,171,116578.0;1984,34845,116542.0;1984,34979,153731.0;1985,15,140909.0;1985,16,56667.0;1985,17,83576.0;1985,19,72727.0;1985,21,211124.0;1985,23,258465.0;1985,24,276305.0;1985,27,120000.0;1985,28,104186.0;1985,34978,438198.0;1985,32,101765.0;1985,194,150000.0;1985,33,67500.0;1985,34,47099.0;1985,37,125401.0;1985,39,110274.0;1985,40,62158.0;1985,41,36364.0;1985,18581,146667.0;1985,43,13112.0;1985,44,262708.0;1985,174,23077.0;1985,173,56000.0;1985,172,144528.0;1985,171,108015.0;1985,34845,107950.0;1985,34979,173290.0;1985,170,137337.0;1985,168,65150.0;1985,166,145019.0;1985,164,206220.0;1985,163,180536.0;1985,267,185512.0;1985,128,127586.0;1985,167,50172.0;1985,161,362045.0;1985,200,10000.0;1985,160,105998.0;1985,201,115672.0;1985,65,198820.0;1985,259,97038.0;1985,34982,80000.0;1985,250,137255.0;1985,202,40000.0;1985,155,179619.0;1985,3,324458.0;1985,203,100000.0;1985,6,293253.0;1985,149,182857.0;1985,148,63415.0;1985,145,166667.0;1985,139,124444.0;1985,138,196211.0;1985,207,128180.0;1985,137,148064.0;1985,136,115247.0;1985,135,154906.0;1985,134,170218.0;1985,2,207879.0;1985,133,377819.0;1985,8,174411.0;1985,132,113381.0;1985,14,286252.0;1985,130,169026.0;1985,129,61761.0;1985,208,223226.0;1985,125,80952.0;1985,124,216139.0;1985,123,155556.0;1985,120,68750.0;1985,118,64647.0;1985,117,71429.0;1985,212,65000.0;1985,114,50000.0;1985,213,270360.0;1985,113,137662.0;1985,112,110583.0;1985,216,34286.0;1985,110,173719.0;1985,109,108333.0;1985,142,107240.0;1985,107,64107.0;1985,5,423394.0;1985,220,99353.0;1985,106,291729.0;1985,105,142405.0;1985,104,100000.0;1985,103,61429.0;1985,102,242747.0;1985,217,222222.0;1985,101,99668.0;1985,100,101890.0;1985,99,72727.0;1985,98,69200.0;1985,97,83864.0;1985,96,110844.0;1985,11,174438.0;1985,95,91944.0;1985,226,96000.0;1985,127,184905.0;1985,245,140714.0;1985,92,206579.0;1985,91,71064.0;1985,227,86667.0;1985,90,201744.0;1985,89,142857.0;1985,81,159394.0;1985,9,179112.0;1985,141,125000.0;1985,5396,122449.0;1985,78,21667.0;1985,10,327912.0;1985,7,387979.0;1985,77,155778.0;1985,75,122841.0;1985,3897,42400.0;1985,71,107143.0;1985,70,198154.0;1985,68,67200.0;1985,72,100823.0;1985,1,358585.0;1985,64,50373.0;1985,13,333689.0;1985,63,74991.0;1985,270,113000.0;1985,238,132789.0;1985,84,80051.0;1985,61,225694.0;1985,34980,85249.0;1985,60,89552.0;1985,80,158824.0;1985,355,152816.0;1985,273,96974.0;1985,462,66141.0;1985,463,32268.0;1985,464,135547.0;1985,465,153460.0;1985,466,69510.0;1985,290,199210.0;1985,450,321540.0;1985,477,128714.0;1985,436,194803.0;1985,295,114251.0;1985,275,128251.0;1985,467,117889.0;1985,470,137515.0;1985,471,101589.0;1985,472,198867.0;1985,276,158255.0;1985,473,132402.0;1985,474,314776.0;1985,475,136677.0;1985,476,323299.0;1985,277,263670.0;1985,34981,264966.0;1985,478,84150.0;1985,479,100000.0;1985,318,222362.0;1985,454,80923.0;1985,34987,63451.0;1985,5398,194725.0;1985,34988,118041.0;1985,34989,97387.0;1986,80,160000.0;1986,355,158143.0;1986,273,97723.0;1986,462,66554.0;1986,463,35306.0;1986,464,132818.0;1986,465,171532.0;1986,466,68425.0;1986,290,189535.0;1986,450,316489.0;1986,477,133162.0;1986,436,209349.0;1986,295,109087.0;1986,275,120218.0;1986,467,112009.0;1986,470,121077.0;1986,471,105933.0;1986,472,206932.0;1986,276,171399.0;1986,473,151877.0;1986,474,313697.0;1986,475,143989.0;1986,476,300409.0;1986,277,275029.0;1986,34981,276950.0;1986,478,60755.0;1986,479,100000.0;1986,318,223172.0;1986,454,79202.0;1986,34987,62462.0;1986,5398,204483.0;1986,34988,105366.0;1986,34989,96407.0;1986,170,134085.0;1986,168,87336.0;1986,166,197032.0;1986,164,222868.0;1986,163,252089.0;1986,267,193875.0;1986,128,131034.0;1986,167,53804.0;1986,161,367786.0;1986,200,10000.0;1986,160,130342.0;1986,201,72477.0;1986,65,195753.0;1986,259,97040.0;1986,34982,80000.0;1986,250,135922.0;1986,202,37500.0;1986,155,196244.0;1986,3,310826.0;1986,203,100000.0;1986,6,262585.0;1986,149,185455.0;1986,148,64358.0;1986,145,166667.0;1986,139,124211.0;1986,138,186627.0;1986,207,165780.0;1986,137,123639.0;1986,136,120085.0;1986,135,162456.0;1986,134,160767.0;1986,2,202951.0;1986,133,381550.0;1986,8,191003.0;1986,132,88152.0;1986,14,313067.0;1986,130,147905.0;1986,129,63959.0;1986,208,197576.0;1986,125,77778.0;1986,124,224121.0;1986,123,150000.0;1986,120,68750.0;1986,118,64681.0;1986,117,72093.0;1986,212,77778.0;1986,114,50000.0;1986,213,211875.0;1986,113,140348.0;1986,112,119082.0;1986,216,34286.0;1986,110,165898.0;1986,109,116667.0;1986,142,106671.0;1986,107,50989.0;1986,5,410738.0;1986,220,72778.0;1986,106,311364.0;1986,105,152704.0;1986,104,100000.0;1986,103,60526.0;1986,102,233803.0;1986,217,227273.0;1986,101,98245.0;1986,100,175224.0;1986,99,48163.0;1986,98,62250.0;1986,97,86250.0;1986,96,114715.0;1986,11,194341.0;1986,95,128847.0;1986,226,89091.0;1986,127,203966.0;1986,245,140571.0;1986,92,157600.0;1986,91,75774.0;1986,227,88333.0;1986,90,154846.0;1986,89,142857.0;1986,81,180175.0;1986,9,172689.0;1986,141,113005.0;1986,5396,119048.0;1986,78,21667.0;1986,10,310419.0;1986,7,365961.0;1986,77,180176.0;1986,75,124558.0;1986,3897,40000.0;1986,71,113333.0;1986,70,204102.0;1986,68,51579.0;1986,72,115385.0;1986,1,358413.0;1986,64,52269.0;1986,13,330540.0;1986,63,63255.0;1986,270,136805.0;1986,238,133780.0;1986,84,92154.0;1986,61,239619.0;1986,34980,93797.0;1986,60,90278.0;1986,15,158667.0;1986,16,78571.0;1986,17,83971.0;1986,19,72727.0;1986,21,188418.0;1986,23,268489.0;1986,24,281863.0;1986,27,148000.0;1986,28,101724.0;1986,34978,413370.0;1986,32,114583.0;1986,194,158333.0;1986,33,70000.0;1986,34,48684.0;1986,37,114020.0;1986,39,124355.0;1986,40,61253.0;1986,41,35593.0;1986,18581,166667.0;1986,43,13939.0;1986,44,252736.0;1986,174,23077.0;1986,173,56000.0;1986,172,150261.0;1986,171,100065.0;1986,34845,100000.0;1986,34979,165717.0;1987,15,155000.0;1987,16,63571.0;1987,17,84197.0;1987,19,72727.0;1987,21,199960.0;1987,23,276734.0;1987,24,257705.0;1987,27,170000.0;1987,28,100535.0;1987,34978,398752.0;1987,32,120000.0;1987,194,183704.0;1987,33,98039.0;1987,34,57386.0;1987,37,132362.0;1987,39,86430.0;1987,40,69947.0;1987,41,35750.0;1987,18581,150000.0;1987,43,14513.0;1987,44,266270.0;1987,174,24138.0;1987,173,53571.0;1987,172,125985.0;1987,171,103142.0;1987,34845,103056.0;1987,34979,199201.0;1987,170,142614.0;1987,168,86308.0;1987,166,160000.0;1987,164,185224.0;1987,163,219845.0;1987,267,171866.0;1987,128,130000.0;1987,167,53724.0;1987,161,323416.0;1987,200,103333.0;1987,160,123994.0;1987,201,63087.0;1987,65,225601.0;1987,259,95000.0;1987,34982,80000.0;1987,250,135922.0;1987,202,42857.0;1987,155,117626.0;1987,3,348837.0;1987,203,100000.0;1987,6,292206.0;1987,149,182959.0;1987,148,65780.0;1987,145,166667.0;1987,139,126316.0;1987,138,160083.0;1987,207,180930.0;1987,137,153221.0;1987,136,115232.0;1987,135,156265.0;1987,134,158679.0;1987,2,230033.0;1987,133,390868.0;1987,8,187648.0;1987,132,119079.0;1987,14,310204.0;1987,130,261836.0;1987,129,49603.0;1987,208,222667.0;1987,125,66667.0;1987,124,156629.0;1987,123,152174.0;1987,120,76250.0;1987,118,64687.0;1987,117,99450.0;1987,212,88235.0;1987,114,51667.0;1987,213,195471.0;1987,113,134378.0;1987,112,118821.0;1987,216,34286.0;1987,110,217144.0;1987,109,120000.0;1987,142,110520.0;1987,107,53171.0;1987,5,448791.0;1987,220,122222.0;1987,106,299436.0;1987,105,153793.0;1987,104,100000.0;1987,103,60000.0;1987,102,215793.0;1987,217,250000.0;1987,101,98149.0;1987,100,169796.0;1987,99,46752.0;1987,98,65250.0;1987,97,80360.0;1987,96,123677.0;1987,11,187437.0;1987,95,130946.0;1987,226,100000.0;1987,127,207146.0;1987,245,140571.0;1987,92,130647.0;1987,91,70667.0;1987,227,90000.0;1987,90,194975.0;1987,89,185714.0;1987,81,178246.0;1987,9,188203.0;1987,141,116624.0;1987,5396,173913.0;1987,78,21667.0;1987,10,247465.0;1987,7,323990.0;1987,77,169956.0;1987,75,78410.0;1987,3897,39690.0;1987,71,122078.0;1987,70,221726.0;1987,68,71154.0;1987,72,117184.0;1987,1,378288.0;1987,64,54165.0;1987,13,337394.0;1987,63,83475.0;1987,270,121667.0;1987,238,133306.0;1987,84,124825.0;1987,61,123323.0;1987,34980,81550.0;1987,60,90909.0;1987,80,161111.0;1987,355,155447.0;1987,273,107528.0;1987,462,68734.0;1987,463,36984.0;1987,464,149194.0;1987,465,169743.0;1987,466,72703.0;1987,290,194815.0;1987,450,324671.0;1987,477,127390.0;1987,436,173122.0;1987,295,113239.0;1987,275,127235.0;1987,467,113976.0;1987,470,140069.0;1987,471,115950.0;1987,472,212331.0;1987,276,163071.0;1987,473,137662.0;1987,474,303985.0;1987,475,145266.0;1987,476,329172.0;1987,277,279590.0;1987,34981,281365.0;1987,478,87259.0;1987,479,100000.0;1987,318,225607.0;1987,454,79648.0;1987,34987,69047.0;1987,5398,171098.0;1987,34988,121893.0;1987,34989,99991.0;1988,80,159459.0;1988,355,148356.0;1988,273,106674.0;1988,462,67687.0;1988,463,39693.0;1988,464,146627.0;1988,465,157518.0;1988,466,72980.0;1988,290,190985.0;1988,450,304366.0;1988,477,128550.0;1988,436,173347.0;1988,295,124893.0;1988,275,133419.0;1988,467,123765.0;1988,470,142883.0;1988,471,96620.0;1988,472,208737.0;1988,276,150067.0;1988,473,122073.0;1988,474,334586.0;1988,475,126824.0;1988,476,332709.0;1988,277,275897.0;1988,34981,277295.0;1988,478,92000.0;1988,479,100000.0;1988,318,223649.0;1988,454,82250.0;1988,34987,69886.0;1988,5398,171934.0;1988,34988,126275.0;1988,34989,100998.0;1988,170,148136.0;1988,168,83913.0;1988,166,178571.0;1988,143,24762.0;1988,164,182493.0;1988,163,205772.0;1988,267,206433.0;1988,128,131034.0;1988,167,53983.0;1988,161,373180.0;1988,200,91250.0;1988,160,135372.0;1988,201,71216.0;1988,65,214124.0;1988,259,95000.0;1988,34982,80000.0;1988,250,134615.0;1988,202,43333.0;1988,155,190737.0;1988,3,366216.0;1988,203,100000.0;1988,6,297174.0;1988,149,181273.0;1988,148,57333.0;1988,145,166667.0;1988,139,116389.0;1988,138,185021.0;1988,207,102890.0;1988,137,158694.0;1988,136,107266.0;1988,135,136921.0;1988,134,141327.0;1988,2,246691.0;1988,133,358306.0;1988,8,184229.0;1988,132,116115.0;1988,14,302006.0;1988,130,198431.0;1988,129,50782.0;1988,208,220538.0;1988,125,58140.0;1988,124,154338.0;1988,123,152000.0;1988,120,76970.0;1988,118,64679.0;1988,117,104440.0;1988,212,87500.0;1988,114,48462.0;1988,213,190167.0;1988,113,133453.0;1988,112,78329.0;1988,216,35135.0;1988,110,167286.0;1988,109,125000.0;1988,142,86212.0;1988,107,70710.0;1988,5,419738.0;1988,220,116111.0;1988,106,303371.0;1988,105,152027.0;1988,104,100000.0;1988,103,60274.0;1988,102,261572.0;1988,217,250000.0;1988,101,96911.0;1988,100,175659.0;1988,99,47692.0;1988,98,76786.0;1988,97,89243.0;1988,96,122800.0;1988,11,185988.0;1988,95,107187.0;1988,226,92500.0;1988,127,196859.0;1988,245,141015.0;1988,92,111142.0;1988,91,51909.0;1988,227,86667.0;1988,90,200044.0;1988,89,185714.0;1988,81,164000.0;1988,9,160571.0;1988,141,120690.0;1988,5396,176471.0;1988,78,21667.0;1988,10,356339.0;1988,7,410000.0;1988,77,142025.0;1988,75,85938.0;1988,3897,33780.0;1988,71,111801.0;1988,70,223969.0;1988,68,70370.0;1988,72,210307.0;1988,1,380740.0;1988,64,56061.0;1988,13,317265.0;1988,63,73995.0;1988,270,100505.0;1988,238,131821.0;1988,84,91636.0;1988,61,125631.0;1988,34980,68494.0;1988,60,90361.0;1988,15,155714.0;1988,16,50000.0;1988,17,92090.0;1988,19,72727.0;1988,21,256686.0;1988,23,271470.0;1988,24,302293.0;1988,27,150000.0;1988,28,103381.0;1988,34978,387852.0;1988,32,105714.0;1988,194,200000.0;1988,33,121951.0;1988,34,57469.0;1988,37,132735.0;1988,39,97852.0;1988,40,66383.0;1988,41,36500.0;1988,18581,170000.0;1988,43,17432.0;1988,44,245193.0;1988,174,24138.0;1988,173,64286.0;1988,172,149817.0;1988,171,115177.0;1988,34845,115107.0;1988,34979,208979.0;1989,15,152632.0;1989,16,107778.0;1989,17,96166.0;1989,19,40000.0;1989,21,211882.0;1989,23,278547.0;1989,24,260987.0;1989,27,160000.0;1989,28,97860.0;1989,34978,338732.0;1989,31,92000.0;1989,194,226667.0;1989,33,120000.0;1989,34,49874.0;1989,37,135867.0;1989,39,137617.0;1989,40,64033.0;1989,41,33462.0;1989,18581,146617.0;1989,43,21108.0;1989,44,251214.0;1989,174,26667.0;1989,173,64286.0;1989,172,140645.0;1989,171,110093.0;1989,34845,110025.0;1989,34979,207912.0;1989,170,156330.0;1989,168,84042.0;1989,166,207001.0;1989,164,171807.0;1989,163,231144.0;1989,267,186043.0;1989,128,133333.0;1989,167,54267.0;1989,161,369592.0;1989,200,100000.0;1989,160,138600.0;1989,201,74318.0;1989,65,224135.0;1989,259,145370.0;1989,34982,80000.0;1989,250,133333.0;1989,202,42308.0;1989,155,219040.0;1989,3,285082.0;1989,203,100000.0;1989,6,264966.0;1989,149,205000.0;1989,148,180228.0;1989,145,150000.0;1989,139,132693.0;1989,138,186010.0;1989,207,88889.0;1989,137,159290.0;1989,136,142598.0;1989,135,168667.0;1989,134,174700.0;1989,2,224291.0;1989,133,378405.0;1989,8,197158.0;1989,132,116448.0;1989,14,299416.0;1989,130,199963.0;1989,129,94304.0;1989,208,219222.0;1989,125,66667.0;1989,124,178472.0;1989,123,155172.0;1989,120,74857.0;1989,118,69666.0;1989,117,71942.0;1989,212,116667.0;1989,114,48462.0;1989,213,212865.0;1989,113,146360.0;1989,112,123207.0;1989,216,35135.0;1989,110,167062.0;1989,109,108333.0;1989,142,87580.0;1989,107,78572.0;1989,5,415316.0;1989,220,108611.0;1989,106,303333.0;1989,105,151333.0;1989,104,100000.0;1989,103,60241.0;1989,102,242294.0;1989,217,253333.0;1989,101,100908.0;1989,100,202930.0;1989,99,47692.0;1989,98,72050.0;1989,97,87904.0;1989,96,120927.0;1989,11,185048.0;1989,95,112681.0;1989,226,90769.0;1989,127,224122.0;1989,245,135760.0;1989,92,125783.0;1989,91,68171.0;1989,227,73333.0;1989,90,199957.0;1989,89,185714.0;1989,81,175684.0;1989,9,192952.0;1989,141,119116.0;1989,5396,180000.0;1989,78,19887.0;1989,10,349659.0;1989,7,385000.0;1989,77,163938.0;1989,75,83333.0;1989,3897,33333.0;1989,71,111875.0;1989,70,217112.0;1989,68,69276.0;1989,72,206516.0;1989,1,358262.0;1989,64,57957.0;1989,13,324007.0;1989,63,85786.0;1989,270,120181.0;1989,238,132871.0;1989,84,100179.0;1989,61,122599.0;1989,34980,80209.0;1989,60,90909.0;1989,80,157895.0;1989,355,153536.0;1989,273,107630.0;1989,462,74859.0;1989,463,36396.0;1989,464,146457.0;1989,465,168886.0;1989,466,70459.0;1989,290,197175.0;1989,450,310836.0;1989,477,151897.0;1989,436,164089.0;1989,295,121928.0;1989,275,131828.0;1989,467,119106.0;1989,470,146917.0;1989,471,114502.0;1989,472,208411.0;1989,276,159182.0;1989,473,136552.0;1989,474,322353.0;1989,475,144828.0;1989,476,296247.0;1989,277,281813.0;1989,34981,283332.0;1989,478,87638.0;1989,479,100000.0;1989,318,216813.0;1989,454,80338.0;1989,34987,69436.0;1989,5398,163089.0;1989,34988,127192.0;1989,34989,101457.0;1990,80,158974.0;1990,355,151120.0;1990,273,107753.0;1990,462,76946.0;1990,463,33399.0;1990,464,138992.0;1990,465,191563.0;1990,466,90205.0;1990,290,204829.0;1990,450,314991.0;1990,477,162687.0;1990,436,119682.0;1990,295,119816.0;1990,275,133392.0;1990,467,121385.0;1990,470,145064.0;1990,471,116104.0;1990,472,214098.0;1990,276,153573.0;1990,473,130341.0;1990,474,330850.0;1990,475,140682.0;1990,476,296583.0;1990,277,294398.0;1990,34981,295616.0;1990,478,126840.0;1990,479,104074.0;1990,318,221215.0;1990,454,82751.0;1990,34987,74193.0;1990,5398,120844.0;1990,34988,126516.0;1990,34989,100694.0;1990,170,152736.0;1990,169,120000.0;1990,168,85600.0;1990,166,220000.0;1990,164,120271.0;1990,163,232375.0;1990,267,154069.0;1990,128,132787.0;1990,167,54290.0;1990,161,374583.0;1990,200,100000.0;1990,160,118759.0;1990,201,71727.0;1990,65,205592.0;1990,259,140000.0;1990,34982,80000.0;1990,250,136792.0;1990,202,75294.0;1990,155,214976.0;1990,3,290790.0;1990,203,104074.0;1990,6,257764.0;1990,149,189470.0;1990,148,210685.0;1990,145,109308.0;1990,139,113100.0;1990,138,170773.0;1990,207,85000.0;1990,137,157136.0;1990,136,141637.0;1990,135,169201.0;1990,134,166681.0;1990,2,248971.0;1990,133,341996.0;1990,8,191624.0;1990,132,122818.0;1990,14,306736.0;1990,130,316802.0;1990,129,88655.0;1990,208,200000.0;1990,125,66667.0;1990,124,180927.0;1990,123,176905.0;1990,120,80556.0;1990,118,69744.0;1990,117,102044.0;1990,115,180000.0;1990,212,114478.0;1990,114,54628.0;1990,213,181098.0;1990,113,158256.0;1990,112,107467.0;1990,216,35526.0;1990,110,171851.0;1990,109,120710.0;1990,142,94267.0;1990,107,80601.0;1990,5,401380.0;1990,220,172708.0;1990,106,325000.0;1990,105,143750.0;1990,104,100000.0;1990,103,70130.0;1990,102,257507.0;1990,217,275789.0;1990,101,104002.0;1990,100,127454.0;1990,99,45000.0;1990,98,67000.0;1990,97,78805.0;1990,96,138217.0;1990,11,197853.0;1990,95,111599.0;1990,226,96667.0;1990,127,175677.0;1990,245,141448.0;1990,92,109996.0;1990,91,67453.0;1990,227,77419.0;1990,90,198311.0;1990,89,145518.0;1990,81,200263.0;1990,9,196487.0;1990,141,110520.0;1990,5396,180328.0;1990,78,20155.0;1990,10,348034.0;1990,7,379017.0;1990,77,176195.0;1990,75,90000.0;1990,3897,37170.0;1990,71,136478.0;1990,70,224367.0;1990,68,70000.0;1990,72,218846.0;1990,1,365161.0;1990,64,59853.0;1990,13,328809.0;1990,63,95000.0;1990,270,109109.0;1990,238,132240.0;1990,84,99537.0;1990,61,117510.0;1990,34980,74745.0;1990,60,90000.0;1990,15,168421.0;1990,16,66667.0;1990,17,78936.0;1990,19,40000.0;1990,21,202747.0;1990,23,289832.0;1990,24,249854.0;1990,27,186667.0;1990,28,91410.0;1990,34978,385736.0;1990,31,90385.0;1990,194,222222.0;1990,33,119832.0;1990,34,51779.0;1990,37,141084.0;1990,39,104986.0;1990,40,61985.0;1990,41,34836.0;1990,18581,161290.0;1990,43,16142.0;1990,44,250994.0;1990,174,24509.0;1990,173,59028.0;1990,172,150300.0;1990,171,113209.0;1990,34845,113166.0;1990,34979,185208.0;1991,15,166418.0;1991,16,77818.0;1991,17,90747.0;1991,19,40000.0;1991,21,205692.0;1991,23,285359.0;1991,24,236372.0;1991,27,206667.0;1991,28,99868.0;1991,34978,398165.0;1991,31,91538.0;1991,194,234952.0;1991,33,86804.0;1991,34,49405.0;1991,37,140264.0;1991,39,117017.0;1991,40,61742.0;1991,41,34353.0;1991,18581,164815.0;1991,43,16875.0;1991,44,238293.0;1991,174,25714.0;1991,173,62115.0;1991,172,142245.0;1991,171,105653.0;1991,34845,105599.0;1991,34979,186548.0;1991,170,156654.0;1991,169,133333.0;1991,168,81852.0;1991,166,237623.0;1991,164,133976.0;1991,163,206732.0;1991,267,161548.0;1991,128,118381.0;1991,167,54329.0;1991,161,336135.0;1991,200,102000.0;1991,160,123819.0;1991,201,71375.0;1991,65,202345.0;1991,259,144231.0;1991,34982,80000.0;1991,250,138130.0;1991,202,85714.0;1991,155,185663.0;1991,3,319715.0;1991,203,82726.0;1991,6,309670.0;1991,149,202182.0;1991,148,207137.0;1991,145,142479.0;1991,139,125746.0;1991,138,144746.0;1991,207,100873.0;1991,137,162540.0;1991,136,132721.0;1991,135,183645.0;1991,134,138029.0;1991,2,278537.0;1991,133,247922.0;1991,8,200113.0;1991,132,91380.0;1991,14,322809.0;1991,130,178241.0;1991,129,113356.0;1991,208,166667.0;1991,125,61556.0;1991,124,201527.0;1991,123,156250.0;1991,120,81319.0;1991,118,55983.0;1991,117,66730.0;1991,115,175000.0;1991,212,165421.0;1991,114,46697.0;1991,213,197419.0;1991,113,162351.0;1991,112,87727.0;1991,216,35638.0;1991,110,171948.0;1991,109,128700.0;1991,142,94637.0;1991,107,87569.0;1991,5,386711.0;1991,220,145000.0;1991,106,346667.0;1991,105,141176.0;1991,104,100000.0;1991,103,70213.0;1991,102,227584.0;1991,217,278947.0;1991,101,104452.0;1991,100,184170.0;1991,99,44211.0;1991,98,49840.0;1991,97,79465.0;1991,96,156469.0;1991,11,167589.0;1991,95,126513.0;1991,226,100909.0;1991,127,196725.0;1991,245,139990.0;1991,92,79732.0;1991,91,68462.0;1991,227,89286.0;1991,90,175355.0;1991,89,166688.0;1991,81,200188.0;1991,9,194673.0;1991,141,104522.0;1991,5396,178082.0;1991,78,19328.0;1991,10,291612.0;1991,7,371990.0;1991,77,186145.0;1991,75,83333.0;1991,3897,37987.0;1991,71,129412.0;1991,70,230653.0;1991,68,71885.0;1991,72,153627.0;1991,1,354068.0;1991,64,61749.0;1991,13,340579.0;1991,63,101741.0;1991,270,107797.0;1991,238,142166.0;1991,84,89905.0;1991,61,127114.0;1991,34980,88762.0;1991,60,90909.0;1991,80,156761.0;1991,355,145801.0;1991,273,108469.0;1991,462,76934.0;1991,463,33909.0;1991,464,142183.0;1991,465,190616.0;1991,466,90923.0;1991,290,203938.0;1991,450,322580.0;1991,477,167210.0;1991,436,131212.0;1991,295,117190.0;1991,275,130628.0;1991,467,114337.0;1991,470,151058.0;1991,471,111194.0;1991,472,215273.0;1991,276,146085.0;1991,473,121012.0;1991,474,313931.0;1991,475,149181.0;1991,476,333296.0;1991,277,293731.0;1991,34981,295077.0;1991,478,111409.0;1991,479,82726.0;1991,318,210341.0;1991,454,81693.0;1991,34987,69747.0;1991,5398,132318.0;1991,34988,128228.0;1991,34989,101260.0;1992,80,156250.0;1992,355,151375.0;1992,273,110241.0;1992,462,77222.0;1992,463,34529.0;1992,464,145896.0;1992,465,191503.0;1992,466,89428.0;1992,290,216731.0;1992,450,349103.0;1992,477,173274.0;1992,436,158108.0;1992,295,118450.0;1992,275,140373.0;1992,469,106452.0;1992,467,133394.0;1992,470,149960.0;1992,471,124396.0;1992,472,196681.0;1992,276,149687.0;1992,473,120071.0;1992,474,257416.0;1992,475,158423.0;1992,476,349416.0;1992,277,306051.0;1992,34981,307187.0;1992,478,172750.0;1992,479,83209.0;1992,318,200976.0;1992,454,87963.0;1992,34987,86669.0;1992,5398,158576.0;1992,34988,131326.0;1992,34989,103767.0;1992,170,155655.0;1992,169,142857.0;1992,168,82643.0;1992,166,248570.0;1992,165,79015.0;1992,164,180313.0;1992,163,203013.0;1992,267,162480.0;1992,128,120417.0;1992,167,55556.0;1992,161,330083.0;1992,200,102348.0;1992,160,87039.0;1992,201,77444.0;1992,65,209071.0;1992,259,144444.0;1992,156,144514.0;1992,34982,80000.0;1992,250,138284.0;1992,202,84545.0;1992,155,192894.0;1992,3,362634.0;1992,203,83209.0;1992,152,96256.0;1992,6,302697.0;1992,149,204323.0;1992,148,204371.0;1992,145,145455.0;1992,139,168751.0;1992,138,168500.0;1992,207,112000.0;1992,137,160294.0;1992,136,143819.0;1992,135,162879.0;1992,134,179167.0;1992,2,290498.0;1992,133,299130.0;1992,8,226592.0;1992,132,111138.0;1992,14,313645.0;1992,130,235046.0;1992,131,105923.0;1992,129,92975.0;1992,208,222222.0;1992,126,133088.0;1992,125,70000.0;1992,122,120475.0;1992,124,210345.0;1992,123,148649.0;1992,120,78947.0;1992,119,94899.0;1992,118,56560.0;1992,117,135970.0;1992,115,177619.0;1992,212,200000.0;1992,114,50000.0;1992,213,192134.0;1992,113,168178.0;1992,112,90230.0;1992,216,35897.0;1992,110,151411.0;1992,109,129111.0;1992,142,101482.0;1992,107,85916.0;1992,5,408173.0;1992,220,241104.0;1992,106,396500.0;1992,105,138889.0;1992,104,100000.0;1992,103,70192.0;1992,102,266068.0;1992,217,284211.0;1992,101,113709.0;1992,100,151036.0;1992,99,45333.0;1992,98,55993.0;1992,97,74276.0;1992,96,151196.0;1992,11,133086.0;1992,95,144286.0;1992,226,97727.0;1992,127,209877.0;1992,111,56205.0;1992,245,126990.0;1992,92,118962.0;1992,12,113087.0;1992,91,66731.0;1992,227,104000.0;1992,90,160109.0;1992,89,163934.0;1992,268,73364.0;1992,83,121000.0;1992,81,202953.0;1992,9,201457.0;1992,141,110108.0;1992,5396,178571.0;1992,78,19389.0;1992,10,331543.0;1992,7,444974.0;1992,77,169057.0;1992,76,128769.0;1992,75,128571.0;1992,66,107497.0;1992,3897,38000.0;1992,71,136250.0;1992,70,236046.0;1992,69,116667.0;1992,68,72432.0;1992,67,118906.0;1992,72,140584.0;1992,1,433870.0;1992,64,63645.0;1992,13,362533.0;1992,63,92262.0;1992,62,85092.0;1992,238,153217.0;1992,84,100895.0;1992,61,135689.0;1992,60,88889.0;1992,15,166667.0;1992,16,82920.0;1992,17,107917.0;1992,19,40000.0;1992,21,199039.0;1992,22,111301.0;1992,23,289220.0;1992,24,223470.0;1992,25,82105.0;1992,27,188000.0;1992,28,107931.0;1992,30,115327.0;1992,34978,457621.0;1992,31,88889.0;1992,194,225000.0;1992,33,87412.0;1992,34,44055.0;1992,35,80000.0;1992,37,140432.0;1992,39,118262.0;1992,40,61206.0;1992,41,33357.0;1992,18581,119000.0;1992,43,20500.0;1992,44,291406.0;1992,174,25819.0;1992,173,63474.0;1992,172,164033.0;1992,171,126247.0;1992,34845,126188.0;1992,34979,195774.0;1993,15,166912.0;1993,16,98446.0;1993,17,111215.0;1993,19,70000.0;1993,21,210314.0;1993,22,134416.0;1993,23,290981.0;1993,24,284925.0;1993,25,80105.0;1993,27,162857.0;1993,28,106787.0;1993,30,155461.0;1993,34978,499376.0;1993,31,88889.0;1993,194,250000.0;1993,33,88021.0;1993,34,45668.0;1993,35,85079.0;1993,37,146090.0;1993,39,91559.0;1993,40,62308.0;1993,41,31238.0;1993,18581,133327.0;1993,43,21111.0;1993,44,265498.0;1993,174,25833.0;1993,173,64832.0;1993,172,145947.0;1993,171,148731.0;1993,34845,148699.0;1993,34979,203692.0;1993,170,154545.0;1993,169,150000.0;1993,168,84787.0;1993,166,240791.0;1993,165,78435.0;1993,164,169583.0;1993,163,246287.0;1993,162,233019.0;1993,128,114857.0;1993,167,45687.0;1993,161,386777.0;1993,200,105000.0;1993,160,99388.0;1993,201,74694.0;1993,65,207792.0;1993,259,141509.0;1993,157,82000.0;1993,156,126432.0;1993,158,80046.0;1993,250,138438.0;1993,202,35714.0;1993,155,213516.0;1993,3,357299.0;1993,203,83692.0;1993,152,117820.0;1993,6,392311.0;1993,149,203691.0;1993,148,207000.0;1993,145,150000.0;1993,139,114676.0;1993,138,133100.0;1993,207,111250.0;1993,137,149024.0;1993,136,158338.0;1993,135,208448.0;1993,134,174739.0;1993,2,263426.0;1993,133,305045.0;1993,8,224567.0;1993,132,119399.0;1993,14,304856.0;1993,130,228948.0;1993,131,96200.0;1993,129,117490.0;1993,208,222222.0;1993,126,115902.0;1993,125,66751.0;1993,122,145006.0;1993,124,203846.0;1993,123,150000.0;1993,120,85822.0;1993,119,145414.0;1993,118,56429.0;1993,117,90947.0;1993,115,180000.0;1993,212,213491.0;1993,114,40000.0;1993,213,200875.0;1993,113,168931.0;1993,112,67528.0;1993,216,35827.0;1993,110,156153.0;1993,109,129523.0;1993,142,93011.0;1993,107,84268.0;1993,5,437663.0;1993,220,171389.0;1993,106,430316.0;1993,105,150000.0;1993,104,100000.0;1993,103,70175.0;1993,102,239400.0;1993,217,261905.0;1993,101,122809.0;1993,100,159091.0;1993,99,47059.0;1993,98,55972.0;1993,97,83920.0;1993,96,151334.0;1993,11,206004.0;1993,95,141200.0;1993,226,100000.0;1993,127,230210.0;1993,111,102165.0;1993,245,86843.0;1993,92,148950.0;1993,12,106123.0;1993,91,68053.0;1993,227,113333.0;1993,90,182880.0;1993,89,159492.0;1993,268,59512.0;1993,85,181463.0;1993,83,125740.0;1993,81,202822.0;1993,9,183745.0;1993,141,112006.0;1993,5396,200000.0;1993,78,19450.0;1993,10,375096.0;1993,7,461828.0;1993,77,176871.0;1993,76,120492.0;1993,75,125000.0;1993,66,83856.0;1993,3897,30028.0;1993,71,140141.0;1993,70,242315.0;1993,69,80000.0;1993,68,80000.0;1993,67,136956.0;1993,72,56577.0;1993,1,415790.0;1993,64,65541.0;1993,13,364842.0;1993,63,85938.0;1993,62,106157.0;1993,238,170622.0;1993,84,95588.0;1993,61,140564.0;1993,60,90909.0;1993,80,157895.0;1993,355,165063.0;1993,273,111684.0;1993,462,79426.0;1993,463,38856.0;1993,464,150784.0;1993,465,190522.0;1993,466,90907.0;1993,290,213431.0;1993,450,345978.0;1993,477,173060.0;1993,436,157890.0;1993,295,122496.0;1993,275,151424.0;1993,469,99877.0;1993,467,154129.0;1993,470,146591.0;1993,471,127910.0;1993,472,203370.0;1993,276,168122.0;1993,473,141413.0;1993,474,267745.0;1993,475,146061.0;1993,476,399339.0;1993,277,316836.0;1993,34981,318383.0;1993,478,129044.0;1993,479,83692.0;1993,318,239382.0;1993,454,86839.0;1993,34987,87056.0;1993,5398,156030.0;1993,34988,126792.0;1993,34989,105024.0;1994,80,158974.0;1994,355,150217.0;1994,273,111838.0;1994,462,79164.0;1994,463,39709.0;1994,464,151323.0;1994,465,221726.0;1994,466,87523.0;1994,290,224236.0;1994,450,359658.0;1994,477,189873.0;1994,436,128736.0;1994,295,128733.0;1994,275,147096.0;1994,469,94749.0;1994,467,142057.0;1994,470,159031.0;1994,471,127967.0;1994,472,197181.0;1994,276,141099.0;1994,473,112330.0;1994,474,245939.0;1994,475,151006.0;1994,476,352789.0;1994,277,320440.0;1994,34981,321917.0;1994,478,142384.0;1994,479,84175.0;1994,318,194689.0;1994,454,89222.0;1994,34987,84428.0;1994,5398,128882.0;1994,34988,132629.0;1994,34989,106862.0;1994,170,159364.0;1994,169,149800.0;1994,168,84966.0;1994,166,212040.0;1994,165,84888.0;1994,164,129510.0;1994,163,180000.0;1994,162,160557.0;1994,128,104182.0;1994,167,44949.0;1994,161,348378.0;1994,200,104844.0;1994,160,115198.0;1994,201,81368.0;1994,65,204487.0;1994,259,140741.0;1994,157,80903.0;1994,156,140959.0;1994,158,79545.0;1994,250,138591.0;1994,202,92727.0;1994,155,198795.0;1994,3,331091.0;1994,203,84175.0;1994,152,123708.0;1994,6,329499.0;1994,149,199600.0;1994,148,208248.0;1994,145,146027.0;1994,139,107494.0;1994,138,127672.0;1994,207,139300.0;1994,137,166101.0;1994,136,156474.0;1994,135,213016.0;1994,134,166360.0;1994,2,300000.0;1994,133,355890.0;1994,8,233775.0;1994,132,143052.0;1994,14,312107.0;1994,130,391703.0;1994,131,95739.0;1994,129,97108.0;1994,208,342466.0;1994,126,90906.0;1994,125,66667.0;1994,122,129963.0;1994,124,234268.0;1994,123,155556.0;1994,120,116667.0;1994,119,94112.0;1994,118,58442.0;1994,117,85376.0;1994,115,181812.0;1994,212,228571.0;1994,114,50000.0;1994,213,175716.0;1994,113,190845.0;1994,112,69231.0;1994,216,35620.0;1994,110,176522.0;1994,109,129934.0;1994,142,106904.0;1994,107,87539.0;1994,5,414503.0;1994,220,186789.0;1994,106,438786.0;1994,105,147368.0;1994,104,100000.0;1994,103,69767.0;1994,102,254800.0;1994,217,277500.0;1994,101,133171.0;1994,100,162836.0;1994,99,43750.0;1994,98,59377.0;1994,97,93738.0;1994,96,145792.0;1994,11,135853.0;1994,95,147672.0;1994,226,98182.0;1994,127,224908.0;1994,111,75521.0;1994,245,115625.0;1994,92,118364.0;1994,12,101373.0;1994,91,67588.0;1994,227,109000.0;1994,90,189468.0;1994,89,154545.0;1994,268,74690.0;1994,85,96690.0;1994,83,125740.0;1994,81,238419.0;1994,9,192339.0;1994,141,110104.0;1994,5396,200000.0;1994,78,19511.0;1994,10,322178.0;1994,7,368605.0;1994,77,170494.0;1994,76,111667.0;1994,75,133333.0;1994,66,98443.0;1994,3897,14222.0;1994,71,117318.0;1994,70,228947.0;1994,69,23077.0;1994,68,83636.0;1994,67,105449.0;1994,72,203736.0;1994,1,399956.0;1994,64,67437.0;1994,13,379422.0;1994,63,93306.0;1994,62,107000.0;1994,238,162784.0;1994,84,95000.0;1994,61,136980.0;1994,60,90000.0;1994,15,165942.0;1994,16,81404.0;1994,17,95078.0;1994,19,90000.0;1994,21,230166.0;1994,22,131195.0;1994,23,294270.0;1994,24,199650.0;1994,25,83500.0;1994,27,147500.0;1994,28,109570.0;1994,30,118235.0;1994,34978,446339.0;1994,31,88889.0;1994,194,273846.0;1994,33,88630.0;1994,34,47284.0;1994,35,70055.0;1994,37,144802.0;1994,39,105070.0;1994,40,61538.0;1994,41,29453.0;1994,18581,115500.0;1994,43,20523.0;1994,44,276644.0;1994,174,25786.0;1994,173,66191.0;1994,172,153807.0;1994,171,136588.0;1994,34845,136551.0;1994,34979,203183.0;1995,15,166187.0;1995,16,111323.0;1995,17,136768.0;1995,19,77994.0;1995,21,274272.0;1995,22,131196.0;1995,23,298183.0;1995,24,267949.0;1995,25,97188.0;1995,27,166667.0;1995,28,111665.0;1995,30,131090.0;1995,34978,423819.0;1995,31,88889.0;1995,32,90000.0;1995,194,273846.0;1995,33,89239.0;1995,34,48392.0;1995,35,71179.0;1995,37,152304.0;1995,39,116617.0;1995,40,62500.0;1995,41,29691.0;1995,18581,144000.0;1995,43,20588.0;1995,44,265973.0;1995,174,25723.0;1995,173,66425.0;1995,172,152200.0;1995,171,133844.0;1995,34845,133813.0;1995,34979,197125.0;1995,170,161991.0;1995,169,139818.0;1995,168,89867.0;1995,166,198751.0;1995,165,104158.0;1995,164,212946.0;1995,163,236364.0;1995,162,171002.0;1995,128,96889.0;1995,167,46103.0;1995,161,339644.0;1995,200,105693.0;1995,160,100577.0;1995,201,71719.0;1995,65,211244.0;1995,259,140000.0;1995,157,80068.0;1995,156,145590.0;1995,158,78889.0;1995,250,138742.0;1995,202,85000.0;1995,155,221053.0;1995,3,339477.0;1995,203,84658.0;1995,152,152284.0;1995,6,314058.0;1995,149,202082.0;1995,148,207000.0;1995,145,143108.0;1995,139,108075.0;1995,138,157750.0;1995,207,91550.0;1995,137,162720.0;1995,136,165939.0;1995,135,215469.0;1995,134,160385.0;1995,2,275893.0;1995,133,340884.0;1995,8,232893.0;1995,132,144129.0;1995,14,323558.0;1995,130,254943.0;1995,131,84594.0;1995,129,96575.0;1995,208,389629.0;1995,126,98531.0;1995,125,65263.0;1995,122,114701.0;1995,124,238774.0;1995,123,156186.0;1995,120,165267.0;1995,119,127992.0;1995,118,56853.0;1995,117,58002.0;1995,115,181701.0;1995,212,230000.0;1995,114,47775.0;1995,213,198460.0;1995,113,199803.0;1995,112,83490.0;1995,216,35284.0;1995,110,166304.0;1995,109,130346.0;1995,142,94017.0;1995,107,85926.0;1995,5,410056.0;1995,220,189643.0;1995,106,450321.0;1995,105,144737.0;1995,104,100000.0;1995,103,69853.0;1995,102,222400.0;1995,217,280000.0;1995,101,139418.0;1995,100,162703.0;1995,99,47059.0;1995,98,60102.0;1995,97,97817.0;1995,96,159027.0;1995,11,163505.0;1995,95,152244.0;1995,226,91667.0;1995,127,237032.0;1995,111,67639.0;1995,245,150000.0;1995,92,123608.0;1995,12,120027.0;1995,91,68850.0;1995,227,100000.0;1995,90,196769.0;1995,89,213833.0;1995,268,85739.0;1995,85,113559.0;1995,83,189910.0;1995,81,239325.0;1995,9,189990.0;1995,141,109931.0;1995,5396,200000.0;1995,78,19571.0;1995,10,306791.0;1995,7,366860.0;1995,77,204769.0;1995,76,279000.0;1995,75,140000.0;1995,66,110987.0;1995,3897,9034.0;1995,71,137059.0;1995,70,237500.0;1995,69,52500.0;1995,68,80400.0;1995,67,96233.0;1995,72,188483.0;1995,1,374503.0;1995,64,69333.0;1995,13,362376.0;1995,63,100603.0;1995,62,95926.0;1995,238,165627.0;1995,84,100000.0;1995,61,135683.0;1995,60,88889.0;1995,80,157895.0;1995,355,155839.0;1995,273,119877.0;1995,462,74890.0;1995,463,40127.0;1995,464,175418.0;1995,465,222470.0;1995,466,90848.0;1995,290,219179.0;1995,450,342505.0;1995,477,196381.0;1995,436,185533.0;1995,295,132208.0;1995,275,145864.0;1995,469,90507.0;1995,467,139466.0;1995,470,156804.0;1995,471,135372.0;1995,472,207738.0;1995,276,152792.0;1995,473,125481.0;1995,474,244219.0;1995,475,154833.0;1995,476,348337.0;1995,277,330145.0;1995,34981,331582.0;1995,478,133617.0;1995,479,84658.0;1995,318,211140.0;1995,454,86087.0;1995,34987,80740.0;1995,5398,183209.0;1995,34988,130111.0;1995,34989,110720.0;1996,80,156859.0;1996,355,166735.0;1996,273,120272.0;1996,462,72442.0;1996,463,45412.0;1996,464,176621.0;1996,465,237223.0;1996,466,68245.0;1996,290,231074.0;1996,450,368617.0;1996,477,201879.0;1996,436,225177.0;1996,295,128335.0;1996,275,151457.0;1996,469,97153.0;1996,467,146201.0;1996,470,161799.0;1996,471,132040.0;1996,472,206661.0;1996,276,168527.0;1996,473,136729.0;1996,474,270894.0;1996,475,158834.0;1996,476,403327.0;1996,277,338021.0;1996,34981,339623.0;1996,478,115610.0;1996,479,85142.0;1996,318,248320.0;1996,454,87220.0;1996,34987,82628.0;1996,5398,220026.0;1996,34988,133135.0;1996,34989,110990.0;1996,170,161255.0;1996,169,138596.0;1996,168,87235.0;1996,166,218054.0;1996,165,101625.0;1996,164,265695.0;1996,163,249863.0;1996,162,208597.0;1996,128,106250.0;1996,167,46329.0;1996,161,367500.0;1996,200,106430.0;1996,160,81589.0;1996,201,69510.0;1996,65,202048.0;1996,259,163762.0;1996,157,79592.0;1996,156,139954.0;1996,158,78261.0;1996,250,138893.0;1996,202,76730.0;1996,155,220029.0;1996,3,357086.0;1996,203,85142.0;1996,152,121532.0;1996,6,403749.0;1996,149,202157.0;1996,148,209629.0;1996,145,140000.0;1996,139,129107.0;1996,138,212007.0;1996,207,124589.0;1996,137,169913.0;1996,136,158631.0;1996,135,219167.0;1996,134,177576.0;1996,2,301646.0;1996,133,454382.0;1996,8,224667.0;1996,132,146076.0;1996,14,299709.0;1996,130,214831.0;1996,131,88346.0;1996,129,75918.0;1996,208,390754.0;1996,126,114302.0;1996,125,66000.0;1996,122,137471.0;1996,124,241493.0;1996,123,157196.0;1996,120,187273.0;1996,119,163152.0;1996,118,57166.0;1996,117,90293.0;1996,115,182460.0;1996,212,256000.0;1996,114,48133.0;1996,213,195930.0;1996,113,204570.0;1996,112,66381.0;1996,216,34860.0;1996,110,190473.0;1996,109,130623.0;1996,142,96371.0;1996,107,84750.0;1996,5,436811.0;1996,220,180417.0;1996,106,450207.0;1996,105,144737.0;1996,104,100000.0;1996,103,49500.0;1996,102,231243.0;1996,140,253744.0;1996,217,221569.0;1996,101,134795.0;1996,100,161955.0;1996,99,42533.0;1996,98,61267.0;1996,97,100629.0;1996,96,132232.0;1996,11,202826.0;1996,95,151183.0;1996,226,104000.0;1996,127,228161.0;1996,111,56610.0;1996,245,129200.0;1996,92,139763.0;1996,12,113860.0;1996,91,55823.0;1996,227,102000.0;1996,90,196701.0;1996,89,200000.0;1996,268,77265.0;1996,85,190208.0;1996,83,193000.0;1996,81,254426.0;1996,9,211919.0;1996,141,127136.0;1996,5396,238202.0;1996,78,19632.0;1996,10,328115.0;1996,7,487219.0;1996,77,197349.0;1996,76,107700.0;1996,75,171249.0;1996,66,111325.0;1996,3897,9034.0;1996,71,119469.0;1996,70,235714.0;1996,69,60348.0;1996,68,60000.0;1996,67,118859.0;1996,72,209902.0;1996,1,407441.0;1996,64,71230.0;1996,13,391932.0;1996,63,109417.0;1996,62,115937.0;1996,238,172860.0;1996,84,100000.0;1996,61,128444.0;1996,60,90909.0;1996,15,166429.0;1996,16,106138.0;1996,17,134629.0;1996,19,70000.0;1996,21,228877.0;1996,22,129626.0;1996,23,312853.0;1996,24,291997.0;1996,25,101359.0;1996,27,125000.0;1996,28,112741.0;1996,30,151328.0;1996,34978,456909.0;1996,31,88889.0;1996,32,92174.0;1996,194,235769.0;1996,33,89847.0;1996,34,49784.0;1996,35,84512.0;1996,37,147566.0;1996,39,79847.0;1996,40,28605.0;1996,41,31033.0;1996,18581,209545.0;1996,43,30770.0;1996,44,277298.0;1996,174,25676.0;1996,173,66566.0;1996,172,138900.0;1996,171,141931.0;1996,34845,141894.0;1996,34979,221511.0;1997,15,167857.0;1997,16,109874.0;1997,17,141042.0;1997,19,68571.0;1997,21,268502.0;1997,22,109362.0;1997,23,313056.0;1997,24,288325.0;1997,25,82722.0;1997,27,160000.0;1997,28,112551.0;1997,30,99173.0;1997,34978,522291.0;1997,31,78276.0;1997,32,99211.0;1997,194,257143.0;1997,33,90456.0;1997,34,51632.0;1997,35,90133.0;1997,37,152748.0;1997,39,104537.0;1997,40,23981.0;1997,41,32397.0;1997,18581,204167.0;1997,43,39745.0;1997,44,274227.0;1997,174,25546.0;1997,173,67667.0;1997,172,164412.0;1997,171,149703.0;1997,34845,149651.0;1997,34979,240321.0;1997,170,162924.0;1997,169,138462.0;1997,168,87371.0;1997,166,240134.0;1997,165,98123.0;1997,164,191462.0;1997,163,116429.0;1997,162,193000.0;1997,128,100000.0;1997,167,46330.0;1997,161,396154.0;1997,200,105536.0;1997,160,92137.0;1997,201,90817.0;1997,65,218355.0;1997,259,139286.0;1997,157,80769.0;1997,156,124153.0;1997,158,78261.0;1997,250,139043.0;1997,202,76821.0;1997,155,227139.0;1997,3,393529.0;1997,203,85625.0;1997,152,120890.0;1997,6,397497.0;1997,149,192449.0;1997,148,212213.0;1997,145,133695.0;1997,139,132837.0;1997,138,179341.0;1997,207,106963.0;1997,137,193913.0;1997,136,162061.0;1997,135,208104.0;1997,134,154474.0;1997,2,259341.0;1997,133,315982.0;1997,8,222609.0;1997,132,147392.0;1997,14,308304.0;1997,130,220240.0;1997,131,84000.0;1997,129,70425.0;1997,208,390545.0;1997,126,120636.0;1997,125,74699.0;1997,122,135948.0;1997,124,220000.0;1997,123,159574.0;1997,120,173261.0;1997,119,150974.0;1997,118,57377.0;1997,117,95765.0;1997,115,183266.0;1997,212,269953.0;1997,114,50000.0;1997,213,215755.0;1997,113,208520.0;1997,112,82881.0;1997,216,34389.0;1997,110,178706.0;1997,109,124006.0;1997,142,106571.0;1997,107,89820.0;1997,5,443191.0;1997,220,115524.0;1997,106,445545.0;1997,105,140000.0;1997,104,100000.0;1997,103,49048.0;1997,102,262300.0;1997,140,241970.0;1997,217,228571.0;1997,101,112295.0;1997,100,178150.0;1997,99,35000.0;1997,98,61794.0;1997,97,96703.0;1997,96,136675.0;1997,11,159025.0;1997,95,128396.0;1997,226,101429.0;1997,127,250155.0;1997,111,63213.0;1997,245,180000.0;1997,92,125728.0;1997,12,111394.0;1997,91,54673.0;1997,227,108000.0;1997,90,173596.0;1997,89,187500.0;1997,268,92696.0;1997,85,155179.0;1997,83,204781.0;1997,81,275403.0;1997,9,216815.0;1997,141,102773.0;1997,5396,238095.0;1997,78,19660.0;1997,10,339011.0;1997,7,459163.0;1997,77,147973.0;1997,76,100289.0;1997,75,166699.0;1997,66,117064.0;1997,3897,10922.0;1997,71,125652.0;1997,70,241706.0;1997,69,57064.0;1997,68,64286.0;1997,67,105875.0;1997,72,201296.0;1997,1,429656.0;1997,64,73125.0;1997,13,388162.0;1997,63,150885.0;1997,62,120156.0;1997,238,179947.0;1997,84,97222.0;1997,61,127253.0;1997,60,90000.0;1997,80,156219.0;1997,355,161839.0;1997,273,115803.0;1997,462,73617.0;1997,463,48530.0;1997,464,179020.0;1997,465,254789.0;1997,466,68508.0;1997,290,228976.0;1997,450,363261.0;1997,477,205771.0;1997,436,176181.0;1997,295,137571.0;1997,275,159503.0;1997,469,98004.0;1997,467,153559.0;1997,470,177786.0;1997,471,129213.0;1997,472,193156.0;1997,276,154177.0;1997,473,118998.0;1997,474,275743.0;1997,475,157371.0;1997,476,414666.0;1997,277,337531.0;1997,34981,339201.0;1997,478,76272.0;1997,479,85625.0;1997,318,230974.0;1997,454,89539.0;1997,34987,84036.0;1997,5398,173276.0;1997,34988,144856.0;1997,34989,105503.0;1998,80,152632.0;1998,355,159983.0;1998,273,123724.0;1998,462,80399.0;1998,463,52893.0;1998,464,190409.0;1998,465,281977.0;1998,466,66239.0;1998,290,228707.0;1998,450,360863.0;1998,477,203188.0;1998,436,157609.0;1998,295,137432.0;1998,275,156490.0;1998,469,97236.0;1998,467,161257.0;1998,470,145147.0;1998,471,126249.0;1998,472,205423.0;1998,276,151453.0;1998,473,120539.0;1998,474,253890.0;1998,475,162809.0;1998,476,390060.0;1998,277,328384.0;1998,34981,329753.0;1998,478,78851.0;1998,479,86108.0;1998,318,237820.0;1998,454,91763.0;1998,34987,86113.0;1998,5398,154117.0;1998,34988,122906.0;1998,34989,109725.0;1998,170,154602.0;1998,169,139706.0;1998,168,88526.0;1998,166,232918.0;1998,165,102378.0;1998,164,169523.0;1998,163,184123.0;1998,162,209262.0;1998,128,105750.0;1998,167,46316.0;1998,161,404433.0;1998,200,105817.0;1998,160,100577.0;1998,201,92184.0;1998,65,223302.0;1998,259,215536.0;1998,157,83333.0;1998,156,97147.0;1998,158,76042.0;1998,250,139191.0;1998,202,76915.0;1998,155,180091.0;1998,3,369085.0;1998,203,86108.0;1998,152,106323.0;1998,6,393980.0;1998,149,202857.0;1998,148,213250.0;1998,145,127059.0;1998,139,129694.0;1998,138,218042.0;1998,207,121543.0;1998,137,146020.0;1998,136,153432.0;1998,135,210842.0;1998,134,155263.0;1998,2,260541.0;1998,133,387151.0;1998,8,243418.0;1998,132,147897.0;1998,14,307608.0;1998,130,219636.0;1998,131,76676.0;1998,129,75177.0;1998,208,273208.0;1998,126,130657.0;1998,125,76385.0;1998,122,118028.0;1998,124,200000.0;1998,123,160000.0;1998,120,180000.0;1998,119,135671.0;1998,118,57377.0;1998,117,104774.0;1998,115,183333.0;1998,212,202563.0;1998,114,48000.0;1998,213,176048.0;1998,113,204955.0;1998,112,80276.0;1998,216,33916.0;1998,110,190427.0;1998,109,122951.0;1998,142,105568.0;1998,107,84664.0;1998,5,414881.0;1998,220,131460.0;1998,106,352113.0;1998,105,135000.0;1998,104,101095.0;1998,103,46522.0;1998,102,268047.0;1998,140,273759.0;1998,217,250000.0;1998,101,136186.0;1998,100,161748.0;1998,99,41667.0;1998,98,61921.0;1998,97,97887.0;1998,96,128340.0;1998,11,200375.0;1998,95,142389.0;1998,226,103333.0;1998,127,241693.0;1998,111,60090.0;1998,245,160000.0;1998,92,127024.0;1998,12,97102.0;1998,91,64088.0;1998,227,102941.0;1998,90,180428.0;1998,89,162731.0;1998,268,85431.0;1998,85,143288.0;1998,83,212682.0;1998,81,309437.0;1998,9,234388.0;1998,141,111254.0;1998,5396,246782.0;1998,78,19615.0;1998,10,355757.0;1998,7,403866.0;1998,77,221971.0;1998,76,104926.0;1998,75,123473.0;1998,66,133830.0;1998,3897,10370.0;1998,71,137850.0;1998,70,258621.0;1998,69,44667.0;1998,68,64000.0;1998,67,101804.0;1998,72,189373.0;1998,1,391347.0;1998,64,75021.0;1998,13,384270.0;1998,63,157532.0;1998,62,126399.0;1998,238,172503.0;1998,84,98484.0;1998,61,125821.0;1998,60,88889.0;1998,15,167857.0;1998,16,127212.0;1998,17,160256.0;1998,19,63206.0;1998,21,293744.0;1998,22,134409.0;1998,23,322292.0;1998,24,283064.0;1998,25,95307.0;1998,27,160000.0;1998,28,113972.0;1998,30,108971.0;1998,34978,413430.0;1998,31,106341.0;1998,32,54000.0;1998,194,244444.0;1998,33,90079.0;1998,34,44809.0;1998,35,84192.0;1998,37,156439.0;1998,39,94041.0;1998,40,24321.0;1998,41,25950.0;1998,18581,152941.0;1998,43,57208.0;1998,44,276833.0;1998,174,25526.0;1998,173,69327.0;1998,172,140485.0;1998,171,159000.0;1998,34845,158981.0;1998,34979,198797.0;1999,15,167857.0;1999,16,142018.0;1999,17,153532.0;1999,19,54597.0;1999,21,238938.0;1999,22,129563.0;1999,23,321265.0;1999,24,307045.0;1999,25,103786.0;1999,27,100000.0;1999,28,112810.0;1999,30,113328.0;1999,34978,451365.0;1999,31,107674.0;1999,32,35000.0;1999,194,240000.0;1999,33,79423.0;1999,34,55814.0;1999,35,89746.0;1999,37,164604.0;1999,39,108475.0;1999,40,22000.0;1999,41,24393.0;1999,18581,156146.0;1999,43,60031.0;1999,44,272508.0;1999,174,25432.0;1999,173,67500.0;1999,172,164507.0;1999,171,126996.0;1999,34845,126963.0;1999,34979,211961.0;1999,170,161620.0;1999,169,144444.0;1999,168,89149.0;1999,166,218862.0;1999,165,109779.0;1999,164,246585.0;1999,163,241948.0;1999,162,195801.0;1999,128,78770.0;1999,167,46330.0;1999,161,395507.0;1999,200,106179.0;1999,160,104125.0;1999,201,93077.0;1999,65,232915.0;1999,259,210286.0;1999,157,80000.0;1999,156,129807.0;1999,158,76546.0;1999,250,139337.0;1999,202,73655.0;1999,155,244923.0;1999,3,389736.0;1999,203,86591.0;1999,152,130003.0;1999,6,389359.0;1999,149,198780.0;1999,148,215496.0;1999,145,122222.0;1999,139,105190.0;1999,138,212423.0;1999,207,128757.0;1999,137,175712.0;1999,136,147199.0;1999,135,209295.0;1999,134,164972.0;1999,2,319429.0;1999,133,368307.0;1999,8,241843.0;1999,132,157082.0;1999,14,303275.0;1999,130,258973.0;1999,131,107532.0;1999,129,91410.0;1999,208,271622.0;1999,126,149513.0;1999,125,70577.0;1999,122,158782.0;1999,124,190270.0;1999,123,163462.0;1999,120,249910.0;1999,119,141049.0;1999,118,59388.0;1999,117,112207.0;1999,115,185928.0;1999,212,203444.0;1999,114,46667.0;1999,213,239781.0;1999,113,223519.0;1999,112,72824.0;1999,216,33481.0;1999,110,183361.0;1999,109,126068.0;1999,142,102838.0;1999,107,92599.0;1999,5,462833.0;1999,220,106741.0;1999,106,416667.0;1999,105,133333.0;1999,104,39426.0;1999,103,27951.0;1999,102,256094.0;1999,140,313921.0;1999,217,300000.0;1999,101,165413.0;1999,100,160694.0;1999,99,42857.0;1999,98,59957.0;1999,97,112513.0;1999,96,121297.0;1999,11,157170.0;1999,95,152662.0;1999,226,93333.0;1999,127,245256.0;1999,111,49579.0;1999,245,180000.0;1999,92,144578.0;1999,12,97139.0;1999,91,59083.0;1999,227,140667.0;1999,90,250876.0;1999,89,157460.0;1999,268,81604.0;1999,85,143285.0;1999,83,197358.0;1999,81,294460.0;1999,9,247421.0;1999,141,125207.0;1999,5396,132770.0;1999,78,19643.0;1999,10,301953.0;1999,7,352256.0;1999,77,200372.0;1999,76,117128.0;1999,75,130776.0;1999,66,125936.0;1999,3897,25307.0;1999,71,164103.0;1999,70,272727.0;1999,69,56200.0;1999,68,70156.0;1999,67,82026.0;1999,72,194667.0;1999,1,401515.0;1999,64,76918.0;1999,13,402283.0;1999,63,163866.0;1999,62,135629.0;1999,238,192728.0;1999,84,117857.0;1999,61,126609.0;1999,60,90909.0;1999,80,157396.0;1999,355,152224.0;1999,273,107311.0;1999,462,86894.0;1999,463,54815.0;1999,464,188090.0;1999,465,272032.0;1999,466,30862.0;1999,290,234469.0;1999,450,373063.0;1999,477,216542.0;1999,436,215380.0;1999,295,140954.0;1999,275,143444.0;1999,469,121031.0;1999,467,129316.0;1999,470,164714.0;1999,471,128233.0;1999,472,217625.0;1999,276,147705.0;1999,473,109355.0;1999,474,276509.0;1999,475,168570.0;1999,476,409020.0;1999,277,340840.0;1999,34981,342745.0;1999,478,74198.0;1999,479,86591.0;1999,318,235723.0;1999,454,96134.0;1999,34987,95692.0;1999,5398,210557.0;1999,34988,129594.0;1999,34989,116397.0;2000,80,160000.0;2000,355,163094.0;2000,273,105265.0;2000,462,84451.0;2000,463,50931.0;2000,464,189278.0;2000,465,292780.0;2000,466,31412.0;2000,290,249542.0;2000,450,395430.0;2000,477,232465.0;2000,436,249912.0;2000,295,134576.0;2000,275,152263.0;2000,469,120383.0;2000,467,142410.0;2000,470,174141.0;2000,471,119914.0;2000,472,197633.0;2000,276,163623.0;2000,473,128116.0;2000,474,281898.0;2000,475,161329.0;2000,476,433606.0;2000,277,313235.0;2000,34981,314873.0;2000,478,72476.0;2000,479,86919.0;2000,318,252618.0;2000,454,99006.0;2000,34987,95613.0;2000,5398,239309.0;2000,34988,135480.0;2000,34989,115331.0;2000,170,128180.0;2000,169,153846.0;2000,168,89980.0;2000,166,231195.0;2000,165,84883.0;2000,164,274435.0;2000,163,180000.0;2000,162,213300.0;2000,128,99468.0;2000,167,46330.0;2000,161,424863.0;2000,200,106616.0;2000,160,148226.0;2000,201,56332.0;2000,65,235931.0;2000,259,231200.0;2000,157,69415.0;2000,156,152654.0;2000,158,77000.0;2000,250,139482.0;2000,202,74846.0;2000,155,243851.0;2000,3,395591.0;2000,203,86919.0;2000,152,88911.0;2000,6,449909.0;2000,149,207377.0;2000,148,224631.0;2000,145,120000.0;2000,139,163204.0;2000,138,184736.0;2000,207,144537.0;2000,137,186443.0;2000,136,133759.0;2000,135,216629.0;2000,134,140645.0;2000,2,337037.0;2000,133,344347.0;2000,8,250695.0;2000,132,141042.0;2000,14,306342.0;2000,130,264293.0;2000,131,106386.0;2000,129,61770.0;2000,208,271997.0;2000,126,151543.0;2000,125,62264.0;2000,122,145634.0;2000,124,213178.0;2000,123,164151.0;2000,120,200000.0;2000,119,163916.0;2000,210,282630.0;2000,118,58269.0;2000,117,114561.0;2000,115,186529.0;2000,212,196125.0;2000,114,50000.0;2000,213,222556.0;2000,113,239420.0;2000,112,74727.0;2000,216,33126.0;2000,110,180193.0;2000,109,127357.0;2000,142,97578.0;2000,108,125000.0;2000,107,96436.0;2000,5,456548.0;2000,220,107455.0;2000,106,423155.0;2000,105,125000.0;2000,104,101505.0;2000,103,28255.0;2000,102,206270.0;2000,140,304399.0;2000,217,261032.0;2000,101,169078.0;2000,100,158239.0;2000,99,46667.0;2000,98,51283.0;2000,97,115040.0;2000,96,122823.0;2000,11,193762.0;2000,95,129495.0;2000,226,86667.0;2000,127,239545.0;2000,111,50553.0;2000,245,253086.0;2000,92,122738.0;2000,12,105230.0;2000,91,87830.0;2000,227,123077.0;2000,90,262035.0;2000,89,111628.0;2000,268,66100.0;2000,85,154743.0;2000,83,207950.0;2000,81,321010.0;2000,9,259196.0;2000,141,132921.0;2000,5396,167396.0;2000,78,20000.0;2000,10,297876.0;2000,7,424452.0;2000,77,212781.0;2000,76,119046.0;2000,75,130776.0;2000,66,124516.0;2000,3897,23333.0;2000,71,140097.0;2000,70,261951.0;2000,69,59333.0;2000,68,70294.0;2000,67,121632.0;2000,72,181350.0;2000,1,399759.0;2000,64,78814.0;2000,13,427161.0;2000,63,124074.0;2000,62,140057.0;2000,238,172087.0;2000,84,112751.0;2000,61,123779.0;2000,60,90909.0;2000,15,167857.0;2000,16,141228.0;2000,17,166143.0;2000,19,29885.0;2000,21,277566.0;2000,22,84866.0;2000,23,284527.0;2000,24,292627.0;2000,25,89358.0;2000,27,103333.0;2000,28,120591.0;2000,30,131888.0;2000,4,444058.0;2000,31,107478.0;2000,32,30369.0;2000,194,227273.0;2000,33,70968.0;2000,34,57531.0;2000,35,65466.0;2000,37,170216.0;2000,39,75262.0;2000,40,21233.0;2000,41,21768.0;2000,18581,162500.0;2000,43,59044.0;2000,44,286821.0;2000,174,25641.0;2000,173,72866.0;2000,172,164821.0;2000,171,140345.0;2000,34845,140311.0;2000,34979,222970.0;2001,15,167857.0;2001,16,148818.0;2001,17,147018.0;2001,19,42552.0;2001,21,283768.0;2001,22,114586.0;2001,23,325500.0;2001,24,300394.0;2001,25,109794.0;2001,27,110000.0;2001,28,129163.0;2001,30,122132.0;2001,4,412267.0;2001,31,104951.0;2001,32,20000.0;2001,194,240000.0;2001,33,77143.0;2001,34,56778.0;2001,35,87995.0;2001,37,185007.0;2001,39,123921.0;2001,40,15852.0;2001,41,22590.0;2001,18581,161905.0;2001,43,51674.0;2001,44,253251.0;2001,174,24793.0;2001,173,75184.0;2001,172,191735.0;2001,171,136841.0;2001,34845,136823.0;2001,34979,185981.0;2001,170,143742.0;2001,169,150000.0;2001,168,88217.0;2001,166,265155.0;2001,165,102106.0;2001,164,260496.0;2001,163,211724.0;2001,162,208818.0;2001,128,120831.0;2001,167,46333.0;2001,161,403828.0;2001,200,107163.0;2001,160,183821.0;2001,201,97253.0;2001,65,238739.0;2001,259,229878.0;2001,157,58050.0;2001,156,155249.0;2001,158,92222.0;2001,250,139624.0;2001,202,74736.0;2001,155,244267.0;2001,3,374626.0;2001,203,87926.0;2001,152,115597.0;2001,6,422433.0;2001,149,205090.0;2001,148,234553.0;2001,145,129412.0;2001,139,170700.0;2001,138,250499.0;2001,207,142075.0;2001,137,183627.0;2001,136,148495.0;2001,135,199689.0;2001,134,163947.0;2001,2,334266.0;2001,133,347647.0;2001,8,250910.0;2001,132,144634.0;2001,14,318172.0;2001,130,269245.0;2001,131,132895.0;2001,129,91596.0;2001,208,412565.0;2001,126,158221.0;2001,125,113333.0;2001,122,111670.0;2001,124,215966.0;2001,123,162963.0;2001,120,195000.0;2001,119,102868.0;2001,210,310218.0;2001,118,59661.0;2001,117,135370.0;2001,115,185714.0;2001,212,142114.0;2001,114,51429.0;2001,213,209884.0;2001,113,237799.0;2001,112,65507.0;2001,216,32895.0;2001,110,187740.0;2001,109,128584.0;2001,142,106416.0;2001,108,129032.0;2001,107,101824.0;2001,5,434106.0;2001,220,107657.0;2001,106,445871.0;2001,105,128571.0;2001,104,100881.0;2001,103,28255.0;2001,102,257303.0;2001,140,311444.0;2001,217,326170.0;2001,101,164180.0;2001,100,206170.0;2001,99,45507.0;2001,98,54257.0;2001,97,114862.0;2001,96,124044.0;2001,11,162270.0;2001,95,139398.0;2001,226,80000.0;2001,127,244472.0;2001,111,90210.0;2001,245,232370.0;2001,92,144456.0;2001,12,108716.0;2001,91,86222.0;2001,227,131609.0;2001,90,240917.0;2001,89,157460.0;2001,268,108495.0;2001,85,123397.0;2001,83,190468.0;2001,81,320179.0;2001,9,259926.0;2001,141,135718.0;2001,5396,117702.0;2001,78,19907.0;2001,10,286946.0;2001,7,375725.0;2001,77,213451.0;2001,76,132600.0;2001,75,120904.0;2001,66,133077.0;2001,3897,24200.0;2001,71,154930.0;2001,70,250000.0;2001,69,66667.0;2001,68,69589.0;2001,67,108079.0;2001,72,224971.0;2001,1,402970.0;2001,64,80710.0;2001,13,401803.0;2001,63,146493.0;2001,62,146535.0;2001,238,176031.0;2001,84,105317.0;2001,61,120402.0;2001,60,106668.0;2001,80,157143.0;2001,355,157972.0;2001,273,109626.0;2001,462,97392.0;2001,463,48074.0;2001,464,186044.0;2001,465,292139.0;2001,466,31334.0;2001,290,240920.0;2001,450,364326.0;2001,477,234114.0;2001,436,235832.0;2001,295,146792.0;2001,275,150495.0;2001,469,137025.0;2001,467,139996.0;2001,470,170866.0;2001,471,125520.0;2001,472,199804.0;2001,276,155592.0;2001,473,121644.0;2001,474,267997.0;2001,475,174298.0;2001,476,408277.0;2001,277,349583.0;2001,34981,351857.0;2001,478,78666.0;2001,479,87926.0;2001,318,236172.0;2001,454,104769.0;2001,34987,109155.0;2001,5398,225625.0;2001,34988,136127.0;2001,34989,120096.0;2002,80,159091.0;2002,355,165054.0;2002,273,108642.0;2002,462,87411.0;2002,463,43979.0;2002,464,207696.0;2002,465,307121.0;2002,466,31639.0;2002,290,244281.0;2002,450,373051.0;2002,477,234228.0;2002,436,232725.0;2002,295,148392.0;2002,275,161954.0;2002,469,153579.0;2002,467,151979.0;2002,470,180223.0;2002,471,132103.0;2002,472,206892.0;2002,276,159234.0;2002,473,120357.0;2002,474,297139.0;2002,475,176332.0;2002,476,420779.0;2002,277,374848.0;2002,34981,377550.0;2002,478,78295.0;2002,479,89474.0;2002,318,264907.0;2002,454,101628.0;2002,34987,110675.0;2002,5398,222266.0;2002,34988,140073.0;2002,34989,120599.0;2002,170,156377.0;2002,169,140800.0;2002,168,89980.0;2002,166,261716.0;2002,165,113892.0;2002,164,257689.0;2002,163,258304.0;2002,162,235729.0;2002,128,95152.0;2002,167,46380.0;2002,161,399066.0;2002,200,107967.0;2002,160,166370.0;2002,201,91998.0;2002,65,240382.0;2002,259,236013.0;2002,157,61120.0;2002,156,131599.0;2002,158,104872.0;2002,250,139764.0;2002,202,74626.0;2002,155,261779.0;2002,3,423804.0;2002,203,89474.0;2002,152,113615.0;2002,6,404527.0;2002,149,193763.0;2002,148,236227.0;2002,145,127500.0;2002,139,165543.0;2002,138,221222.0;2002,207,110000.0;2002,137,194173.0;2002,136,155903.0;2002,135,226265.0;2002,134,170047.0;2002,2,336759.0;2002,133,327394.0;2002,8,240997.0;2002,132,148595.0;2002,14,334130.0;2002,130,300782.0;2002,131,139270.0;2002,129,77113.0;2002,208,249500.0;2002,126,237869.0;2002,125,120690.0;2002,122,143358.0;2002,124,234970.0;2002,123,162832.0;2002,120,195000.0;2002,119,154365.0;2002,210,299182.0;2002,118,59621.0;2002,117,126773.0;2002,115,181895.0;2002,212,239028.0;2002,114,51282.0;2002,213,220116.0;2002,113,237558.0;2002,112,50707.0;2002,216,32830.0;2002,110,231985.0;2002,109,129719.0;2002,142,108747.0;2002,108,130435.0;2002,107,109018.0;2002,5,445686.0;2002,220,108000.0;2002,106,471209.0;2002,105,132558.0;2002,104,100000.0;2002,103,28438.0;2002,102,257937.0;2002,140,302130.0;2002,217,309080.0;2002,101,163629.0;2002,100,225149.0;2002,99,45306.0;2002,98,56020.0;2002,97,121751.0;2002,96,125867.0;2002,11,193231.0;2002,95,148534.0;2002,226,75000.0;2002,127,270001.0;2002,111,72206.0;2002,245,208514.0;2002,92,143984.0;2002,12,102782.0;2002,91,83133.0;2002,227,133455.0;2002,90,228648.0;2002,89,258305.0;2002,268,101277.0;2002,85,185857.0;2002,83,233322.0;2002,81,343125.0;2002,9,279460.0;2002,141,134206.0;2002,5396,165678.0;2002,78,20000.0;2002,10,287905.0;2002,7,391023.0;2002,77,212937.0;2002,76,158022.0;2002,75,120717.0;2002,66,129887.0;2002,3897,23478.0;2002,71,140399.0;2002,70,262626.0;2002,69,56000.0;2002,68,70000.0;2002,67,104374.0;2002,72,202949.0;2002,1,440886.0;2002,64,82606.0;2002,13,405669.0;2002,63,129399.0;2002,62,158937.0;2002,238,178982.0;2002,84,117585.0;2002,61,119572.0;2002,60,117155.0;2002,15,164286.0;2002,16,153868.0;2002,17,183723.0;2002,19,42754.0;2002,21,251347.0;2002,22,122814.0;2002,23,351358.0;2002,24,303832.0;2002,25,121145.0;2002,27,190000.0;2002,28,126010.0;2002,30,134922.0;2002,4,471475.0;2002,31,75119.0;2002,32,20000.0;2002,194,222222.0;2002,33,75267.0;2002,34,57170.0;2002,35,93282.0;2002,37,194038.0;2002,39,120894.0;2002,40,20527.0;2002,41,25047.0;2002,18581,158564.0;2002,43,39452.0;2002,44,275315.0;2002,174,24130.0;2002,173,77488.0;2002,172,212397.0;2002,171,150398.0;2002,34845,150370.0;2002,34979,229940.0;2003,15,166667.0;2003,16,151301.0;2003,17,212037.0;2003,19,45212.0;2003,21,279269.0;2003,22,157194.0;2003,23,347438.0;2003,24,265287.0;2003,25,129604.0;2003,27,180000.0;2003,28,138021.0;2003,30,164350.0;2003,4,425318.0;2003,31,60759.0;2003,32,26000.0;2003,194,220000.0;2003,33,98279.0;2003,34,57126.0;2003,35,70863.0;2003,37,203425.0;2003,39,151312.0;2003,40,20000.0;2003,41,25299.0;2003,18581,158499.0;2003,43,35061.0;2003,44,292024.0;2003,174,23390.0;2003,173,79764.0;2003,172,195309.0;2003,171,150605.0;2003,34845,150566.0;2003,34979,250930.0;2003,170,164360.0;2003,169,142857.0;2003,168,89310.0;2003,166,253549.0;2003,165,59440.0;2003,164,239710.0;2003,163,231911.0;2003,162,189681.0;2003,128,108085.0;2003,167,46330.0;2003,161,391191.0;2003,200,100000.0;2003,160,183625.0;2003,201,74938.0;2003,65,246150.0;2003,259,227674.0;2003,157,43400.0;2003,156,143933.0;2003,158,93349.0;2003,250,139901.0;2003,202,74408.0;2003,155,215122.0;2003,3,403625.0;2003,203,88235.0;2003,152,116563.0;2003,6,345177.0;2003,149,206710.0;2003,148,225732.0;2003,147,63371.0;2003,145,127332.0;2003,139,181102.0;2003,138,185869.0;2003,207,88625.0;2003,137,173208.0;2003,136,153206.0;2003,135,243033.0;2003,134,170146.0;2003,2,343803.0;2003,133,257241.0;2003,8,217700.0;2003,132,149111.0;2003,14,332466.0;2003,130,322349.0;2003,131,139045.0;2003,129,96729.0;2003,208,273469.0;2003,126,157200.0;2003,125,150000.0;2003,122,135348.0;2003,124,217260.0;2003,123,163207.0;2003,120,195451.0;2003,119,154402.0;2003,210,294205.0;2003,118,51036.0;2003,117,130916.0;2003,115,176606.0;2003,212,201976.0;2003,114,51326.0;2003,213,210187.0;2003,113,254312.0;2003,112,93425.0;2003,216,33020.0;2003,110,217772.0;2003,109,130804.0;2003,142,105823.0;2003,108,129032.0;2003,107,109246.0;2003,5,407753.0;2003,220,106200.0;2003,106,457457.0;2003,105,131818.0;2003,104,100000.0;2003,103,28851.0;2003,102,251620.0;2003,140,297747.0;2003,217,282295.0;2003,101,168028.0;2003,100,229295.0;2003,99,44444.0;2003,98,64000.0;2003,97,121854.0;2003,96,126159.0;2003,11,179316.0;2003,95,152893.0;2003,226,80000.0;2003,127,246501.0;2003,111,78698.0;2003,245,201850.0;2003,92,140036.0;2003,12,115737.0;2003,91,82084.0;2003,227,137200.0;2003,90,232293.0;2003,89,129218.0;2003,268,81410.0;2003,85,152677.0;2003,83,157509.0;2003,81,299200.0;2003,9,263593.0;2003,141,113708.0;2003,5396,166577.0;2003,78,20000.0;2003,10,280648.0;2003,7,337310.0;2003,77,196606.0;2003,76,182134.0;2003,75,130052.0;2003,66,123802.0;2003,3897,21743.0;2003,71,139013.0;2003,70,271795.0;2003,69,59259.0;2003,68,69625.0;2003,67,116283.0;2003,72,262741.0;2003,1,408138.0;2003,64,82208.0;2003,13,410985.0;2003,63,162745.0;2003,62,169593.0;2003,238,189098.0;2003,84,106935.0;2003,61,119616.0;2003,60,140000.0;2003,80,160000.0;2003,355,164638.0;2003,273,109727.0;2003,462,92047.0;2003,463,43424.0;2003,464,213949.0;2003,465,270148.0;2003,466,32133.0;2003,290,249885.0;2003,450,379632.0;2003,477,244588.0;2003,436,222053.0;2003,295,149778.0;2003,275,159825.0;2003,469,144677.0;2003,467,152588.0;2003,470,169820.0;2003,471,129563.0;2003,472,210512.0;2003,276,160066.0;2003,473,129194.0;2003,474,277960.0;2003,475,156227.0;2003,476,376770.0;2003,277,370722.0;2003,34981,373117.0;2003,478,66773.0;2003,479,88235.0;2003,318,244017.0;2003,454,104047.0;2003,34987,111922.0;2003,5398,212064.0;2003,34988,132991.0;2003,34989,122781.0;2004,80,161374.0;2004,355,174730.0;2004,273,107110.0;2004,462,89628.0;2004,463,26894.0;2004,464,218224.0;2004,465,311011.0;2004,466,32254.0;2004,290,256166.0;2004,450,402579.0;2004,477,240911.0;2004,436,241783.0;2004,295,149093.0;2004,275,167137.0;2004,469,143941.0;2004,467,158731.0;2004,470,181681.0;2004,471,136459.0;2004,472,214482.0;2004,276,178002.0;2004,473,138877.0;2004,474,292485.0;2004,475,188320.0;2004,476,447068.0;2004,277,380965.0;2004,34981,383556.0;2004,478,71086.0;2004,479,86625.0;2004,318,285323.0;2004,454,101225.0;2004,34987,113106.0;2004,5398,229805.0;2004,34988,140647.0;2004,34989,121684.0;2004,170,158199.0;2004,169,143664.0;2004,168,88542.0;2004,166,244357.0;2004,165,153997.0;2004,164,263995.0;2004,163,244703.0;2004,162,239561.0;2004,128,108571.0;2004,167,46331.0;2004,161,397415.0;2004,200,112884.0;2004,160,179600.0;2004,201,71587.0;2004,65,244443.0;2004,259,288786.0;2004,157,64000.0;2004,156,103416.0;2004,158,98595.0;2004,250,140035.0;2004,202,74113.0;2004,155,226886.0;2004,3,454162.0;2004,203,86625.0;2004,152,113481.0;2004,6,441756.0;2004,149,207764.0;2004,148,255804.0;2004,147,61356.0;2004,145,127778.0;2004,139,172745.0;2004,138,253210.0;2004,207,160000.0;2004,137,188091.0;2004,136,163870.0;2004,135,242162.0;2004,134,162581.0;2004,2,415188.0;2004,133,354899.0;2004,8,251485.0;2004,132,156346.0;2004,14,330734.0;2004,130,365455.0;2004,131,134481.0;2004,129,84401.0;2004,208,272895.0;2004,126,159938.0;2004,125,150000.0;2004,122,128507.0;2004,124,255504.0;2004,123,163682.0;2004,120,195000.0;2004,119,128802.0;2004,210,350299.0;2004,118,56139.0;2004,117,120873.0;2004,115,163954.0;2004,212,207118.0;2004,114,51790.0;2004,213,185272.0;2004,113,242399.0;2004,112,88327.0;2004,216,33509.0;2004,110,241650.0;2004,109,130868.0;2004,142,113728.0;2004,108,110579.0;2004,107,114898.0;2004,5,456832.0;2004,220,106154.0;2004,106,451264.0;2004,105,133333.0;2004,104,104545.0;2004,103,29512.0;2004,102,279430.0;2004,140,298858.0;2004,217,276786.0;2004,101,176673.0;2004,100,224732.0;2004,99,45397.0;2004,98,63290.0;2004,97,121901.0;2004,96,127536.0;2004,11,196266.0;2004,95,160683.0;2004,226,80000.0;2004,127,255597.0;2004,111,91920.0;2004,245,181467.0;2004,92,166540.0;2004,12,114742.0;2004,91,80407.0;2004,227,140892.0;2004,90,260589.0;2004,89,149835.0;2004,268,109872.0;2004,85,157637.0;2004,83,250988.0;2004,81,346081.0;2004,9,271599.0;2004,141,148033.0;2004,5396,166601.0;2004,78,20029.0;2004,10,309147.0;2004,7,394976.0;2004,77,198412.0;2004,76,183006.0;2004,75,143224.0;2004,66,142143.0;2004,3897,19024.0;2004,71,154959.0;2004,70,268156.0;2004,69,60000.0;2004,68,69036.0;2004,67,133386.0;2004,72,262593.0;2004,1,424781.0;2004,64,81863.0;2004,13,438152.0;2004,63,159905.0;2004,62,171793.0;2004,238,185730.0;2004,84,107353.0;2004,61,117343.0;2004,60,130978.0;2004,15,176471.0;2004,16,149346.0;2004,17,203585.0;2004,19,20150.0;2004,21,288717.0;2004,22,161509.0;2004,23,362787.0;2004,24,316117.0;2004,25,141416.0;2004,27,180000.0;2004,28,144313.0;2004,30,195459.0;2004,4,483955.0;2004,31,136981.0;2004,32,28117.0;2004,194,250000.0;2004,33,138521.0;2004,34,56423.0;2004,35,103295.0;2004,37,213525.0;2004,39,186855.0;2004,40,18849.0;2004,41,25479.0;2004,18581,158395.0;2004,43,31159.0;2004,44,304861.0;2004,174,20285.0;2004,173,81994.0;2004,172,192104.0;2004,171,157140.0;2004,34845,157113.0;2004,34979,239940.0;2005,15,150000.0;2005,16,167061.0;2005,17,216267.0;2005,19,23646.0;2005,21,283917.0;2005,22,164498.0;2005,23,344117.0;2005,24,343985.0;2005,25,153215.0;2005,27,50000.0;2005,28,148805.0;2005,30,177299.0;2005,4,428135.0;2005,31,111720.0;2005,32,27291.0;2005,194,234286.0;2005,33,91444.0;2005,34,56699.0;2005,35,110905.0;2005,37,220095.0;2005,39,156448.0;2005,40,20000.0;2005,41,25483.0;2005,18581,158241.0;2005,43,25900.0;2005,44,283767.0;2005,174,18836.0;2005,173,84159.0;2005,172,200600.0;2005,171,145222.0;2005,34845,145188.0;2005,34979,238861.0;2005,170,151954.0;2005,169,143739.0;2005,168,76786.0;2005,166,243595.0;2005,165,144638.0;2005,164,254222.0;2005,163,246365.0;2005,162,280835.0;2005,128,108947.0;2005,167,46329.0;2005,161,394100.0;2005,200,116963.0;2005,160,220766.0;2005,201,69668.0;2005,65,250826.0;2005,259,221220.0;2005,157,79311.0;2005,156,150277.0;2005,158,72801.0;2005,250,140165.0;2005,202,77778.0;2005,155,256990.0;2005,3,422227.0;2005,203,88501.0;2005,152,108613.0;2005,6,419798.0;2005,149,184232.0;2005,148,268402.0;2005,147,63391.0;2005,145,130000.0;2005,139,161908.0;2005,138,258776.0;2005,207,184000.0;2005,137,188908.0;2005,136,164014.0;2005,135,254693.0;2005,134,158431.0;2005,2,346780.0;2005,133,353927.0;2005,8,250819.0;2005,132,156141.0;2005,14,316341.0;2005,130,354944.0;2005,131,150137.0;2005,129,200000.0;2005,208,272895.0;2005,126,150370.0;2005,125,150000.0;2005,122,145942.0;2005,124,259594.0;2005,123,164104.0;2005,120,157629.0;2005,119,120987.0;2005,210,317911.0;2005,118,58561.0;2005,117,90371.0;2005,115,194956.0;2005,212,238024.0;2005,114,51163.0;2005,213,213306.0;2005,113,259662.0;2005,112,84801.0;2005,216,34290.0;2005,110,238090.0;2005,109,131683.0;2005,142,129422.0;2005,108,113065.0;2005,107,118458.0;2005,5,434423.0;2005,220,110933.0;2005,106,453309.0;2005,105,134783.0;2005,104,102308.0;2005,103,29846.0;2005,102,231107.0;2005,140,334022.0;2005,217,284211.0;2005,101,180795.0;2005,100,200517.0;2005,99,45000.0;2005,98,62353.0;2005,97,124584.0;2005,96,127633.0;2005,11,176293.0;2005,95,137918.0;2005,226,94054.0;2005,127,273226.0;2005,111,105440.0;2005,245,149302.0;2005,92,131035.0;2005,12,121412.0;2005,91,96891.0;2005,227,125000.0;2005,90,243565.0;2005,89,136536.0;2005,268,115619.0;2005,85,157672.0;2005,83,229486.0;2005,81,333534.0;2005,9,269844.0;2005,141,141622.0;2005,5396,172894.0;2005,78,20000.0;2005,10,311070.0;2005,7,387690.0;2005,77,206237.0;2005,76,196227.0;2005,75,151076.0;2005,66,144771.0;2005,3897,20000.0;2005,71,123604.0;2005,70,265068.0;2005,69,58333.0;2005,68,68023.0;2005,67,128388.0;2005,72,262593.0;2005,1,435153.0;2005,64,51672.0;2005,13,437303.0;2005,63,189330.0;2005,62,185541.0;2005,238,183026.0;2005,84,105714.0;2005,61,126936.0;2005,60,144245.0;2005,80,162462.0;2005,355,168853.0;2005,273,112466.0;2005,462,98404.0;2005,463,27757.0;2005,464,220535.0;2005,465,299894.0;2005,466,33127.0;2005,290,250723.0;2005,450,397029.0;2005,477,254850.0;2005,436,238198.0;2005,295,149316.0;2005,275,160663.0;2005,469,151077.0;2005,467,147448.0;2005,470,183126.0;2005,471,139415.0;2005,472,209889.0;2005,276,172231.0;2005,473,134873.0;2005,474,296609.0;2005,475,184637.0;2005,476,421331.0;2005,277,366345.0;2005,34981,368966.0;2005,478,73370.0;2005,479,88501.0;2005,318,270439.0;2005,454,98264.0;2005,34987,112048.0;2005,5398,227757.0;2005,34988,143145.0;2005,34989,127719.0;2006,80,163551.0;2006,355,166647.0;2006,273,120267.0;2006,462,105905.0;2006,463,42975.0;2006,464,227984.0;2006,465,301538.0;2006,466,36262.0;2006,290,256713.0;2006,450,410120.0;2006,477,243799.0;2006,436,232261.0;2006,295,153183.0;2006,275,151412.0;2006,469,153683.0;2006,467,131276.0;2006,470,177627.0;2006,471,143280.0;2006,472,215948.0;2006,276,171792.0;2006,473,139143.0;2006,474,279380.0;2006,475,187670.0;2006,476,380831.0;2006,277,369842.0;2006,34981,372588.0;2006,478,72258.0;2006,479,88167.0;2006,318,250054.0;2006,454,110306.0;2006,34987,119096.0;2006,5398,221705.0;2006,34988,142601.0;2006,34989,131594.0;2006,170,159033.0;2006,169,142857.0;2006,168,84314.0;2006,166,235761.0;2006,165,163810.0;2006,164,246406.0;2006,163,297203.0;2006,162,230525.0;2006,128,104826.0;2006,167,46329.0;2006,161,352642.0;2006,200,121146.0;2006,160,222125.0;2006,201,69768.0;2006,65,250085.0;2006,259,220517.0;2006,157,78493.0;2006,156,132608.0;2006,158,72801.0;2006,250,140293.0;2006,202,80000.0;2006,155,205607.0;2006,3,401909.0;2006,203,88167.0;2006,152,73991.0;2006,6,365680.0;2006,149,198412.0;2006,148,247663.0;2006,147,61011.0;2006,145,130432.0;2006,139,162963.0;2006,138,249942.0;2006,207,200000.0;2006,137,185920.0;2006,136,169363.0;2006,135,257472.0;2006,134,176444.0;2006,2,332922.0;2006,133,304376.0;2006,8,246070.0;2006,132,166966.0;2006,14,304273.0;2006,130,303198.0;2006,131,153850.0;2006,129,200000.0;2006,208,272895.0;2006,126,154716.0;2006,125,194444.0;2006,122,122151.0;2006,124,200000.0;2006,123,164612.0;2006,120,195440.0;2006,119,79083.0;2006,210,276454.0;2006,118,58565.0;2006,117,133445.0;2006,115,238984.0;2006,212,225000.0;2006,114,52746.0;2006,213,238105.0;2006,113,248610.0;2006,112,101716.0;2006,215,130448.0;2006,216,35405.0;2006,110,263272.0;2006,109,132353.0;2006,142,135345.0;2006,108,69796.0;2006,107,130896.0;2006,5,400488.0;2006,220,100457.0;2006,106,427584.0;2006,105,138298.0;2006,104,115357.0;2006,103,31504.0;2006,102,272042.0;2006,140,309853.0;2006,217,283737.0;2006,101,133447.0;2006,100,276678.0;2006,99,46130.0;2006,98,64737.0;2006,97,124533.0;2006,96,127451.0;2006,11,150394.0;2006,95,147683.0;2006,226,103333.0;2006,127,263424.0;2006,111,109462.0;2006,245,140625.0;2006,92,141860.0;2006,12,130207.0;2006,91,91740.0;2006,227,137500.0;2006,90,242031.0;2006,89,200382.0;2006,88,110181.0;2006,85,143104.0;2006,83,180760.0;2006,81,332653.0;2006,9,288421.0;2006,141,148094.0;2006,5396,168000.0;2006,78,20000.0;2006,10,276011.0;2006,7,323649.0;2006,77,217677.0;2006,76,198508.0;2006,75,152815.0;2006,66,140859.0;2006,3897,25000.0;2006,71,146586.0;2006,70,278473.0;2006,69,55556.0;2006,68,69778.0;2006,67,133199.0;2006,72,262593.0;2006,1,415887.0;2006,64,52381.0;2006,13,440949.0;2006,63,172693.0;2006,62,194141.0;2006,238,186698.0;2006,84,105714.0;2006,61,126951.0;2006,60,140000.0;2006,15,150000.0;2006,16,170745.0;2006,17,220689.0;2006,19,52148.0;2006,21,285828.0;2006,22,163418.0;2006,23,354317.0;2006,24,298641.0;2006,25,149497.0;2006,27,130000.0;2006,28,143848.0;2006,30,191956.0;2006,4,385452.0;2006,31,131573.0;2006,32,27712.0;2006,194,225000.0;2006,33,95728.0;2006,34,55759.0;2006,35,100915.0;2006,37,223802.0;2006,39,157758.0;2006,40,20000.0;2006,41,26176.0;2006,18581,163636.0;2006,43,27330.0;2006,44,321821.0;2006,174,15272.0;2006,173,86242.0;2006,172,220155.0;2006,171,128245.0;2006,34845,128190.0;2006,34979,238887.0;2007,15,150400.0;2007,16,188902.0;2007,17,189927.0;2007,19,62138.0;2007,21,286765.0;2007,22,184719.0;2007,23,355463.0;2007,24,294931.0;2007,25,154570.0;2007,27,255556.0;2007,28,149768.0;2007,30,211948.0;2007,4,469491.0;2007,31,75873.0;2007,32,30000.0;2007,194,244444.0;2007,33,101211.0;2007,34,53667.0;2007,35,93783.0;2007,37,240356.0;2007,39,133197.0;2007,40,20000.0;2007,41,26750.0;2007,18581,165217.0;2007,43,26587.0;2007,44,314574.0;2007,174,14214.0;2007,173,96380.0;2007,172,152389.0;2007,171,146283.0;2007,34845,146243.0;2007,34979,234599.0;2007,170,166986.0;2007,169,143512.0;2007,168,84906.0;2007,166,235305.0;2007,165,170730.0;2007,164,147098.0;2007,163,247218.0;2007,162,257150.0;2007,128,101832.0;2007,167,46331.0;2007,161,385647.0;2007,200,125375.0;2007,160,216325.0;2007,201,68022.0;2007,65,255717.0;2007,259,218481.0;2007,157,24508.0;2007,156,171977.0;2007,158,71914.0;2007,250,140000.0;2007,202,73736.0;2007,155,256996.0;2007,3,454397.0;2007,203,92308.0;2007,152,108113.0;2007,6,423470.0;2007,149,204824.0;2007,148,245118.0;2007,147,59380.0;2007,145,131818.0;2007,139,181923.0;2007,138,221693.0;2007,207,182584.0;2007,137,164101.0;2007,136,160919.0;2007,135,270144.0;2007,134,179580.0;2007,2,340991.0;2007,133,364002.0;2007,8,256304.0;2007,132,164330.0;2007,14,340000.0;2007,130,274908.0;2007,131,155794.0;2007,129,200000.0;2007,208,276471.0;2007,126,158947.0;2007,125,205882.0;2007,122,159330.0;2007,124,256020.0;2007,123,166071.0;2007,120,193333.0;2007,119,109110.0;2007,210,318469.0;2007,118,59881.0;2007,117,151922.0;2007,115,240551.0;2007,212,202086.0;2007,114,53202.0;2007,213,251918.0;2007,113,270565.0;2007,112,99887.0;2007,215,104916.0;2007,216,33333.0;2007,110,247975.0;2007,109,133333.0;2007,142,145977.0;2007,108,127855.0;2007,107,126568.0;2007,5,437884.0;2007,220,100167.0;2007,106,477612.0;2007,105,137500.0;2007,104,137283.0;2007,103,24610.0;2007,102,229386.0;2007,140,309557.0;2007,217,284232.0;2007,101,193516.0;2007,100,218524.0;2007,99,45000.0;2007,98,65000.0;2007,97,126342.0;2007,96,149259.0;2007,11,214617.0;2007,95,154324.0;2007,226,100000.0;2007,127,281277.0;2007,111,56328.0;2007,245,120000.0;2007,92,136211.0;2007,12,128992.0;2007,91,77618.0;2007,227,140000.0;2007,90,235025.0;2007,89,200000.0;2007,88,91336.0;2007,85,161893.0;2007,83,228469.0;2007,81,340067.0;2007,9,289238.0;2007,141,145197.0;2007,5396,168004.0;2007,78,20156.0;2007,10,276629.0;2007,7,417233.0;2007,77,183427.0;2007,76,218368.0;2007,75,157503.0;2007,66,131087.0;2007,3897,25000.0;2007,71,142566.0;2007,70,278418.0;2007,69,60122.0;2007,68,69892.0;2007,67,131439.0;2007,72,262593.0;2007,1,401926.0;2007,64,52000.0;2007,13,444336.0;2007,63,149353.0;2007,62,212113.0;2007,238,185657.0;2007,84,103333.0;2007,61,128754.0;2007,60,131818.0;2007,80,164725.0;2007,355,173576.0;2007,273,117592.0;2007,462,107148.0;2007,463,49604.0;2007,464,219911.0;2007,465,307881.0;2007,466,29930.0;2007,290,255357.0;2007,450,410685.0;2007,477,258717.0;2007,436,156060.0;2007,295,153398.0;2007,275,158516.0;2007,469,159594.0;2007,467,148458.0;2007,470,167330.0;2007,471,142810.0;2007,472,222061.0;2007,276,183249.0;2007,473,145095.0;2007,474,295259.0;2007,475,186501.0;2007,476,433894.0;2007,277,380117.0;2007,34981,383271.0;2007,478,71199.0;2007,479,92308.0;2007,318,287537.0;2007,454,112121.0;2007,34987,120913.0;2007,5398,150724.0;2007,34988,137119.0;2007,34989,136046.0;2008,80,165598.0;2008,355,181444.0;2008,273,131459.0;2008,462,112838.0;2008,463,53445.0;2008,464,235372.0;2008,465,308149.0;2008,466,47933.0;2008,290,256321.0;2008,450,409528.0;2008,477,266860.0;2008,436,194057.0;2008,295,157492.0;2008,275,167003.0;2008,469,159585.0;2008,467,152771.0;2008,470,187737.0;2008,471,145846.0;2008,472,213646.0;2008,276,194303.0;2008,473,152226.0;2008,474,320358.0;2008,475,183105.0;2008,476,435129.0;2008,277,384344.0;2008,34981,387316.0;2008,478,70655.0;2008,479,91609.0;2008,318,286434.0;2008,454,120358.0;2008,34987,124522.0;2008,5398,177609.0;2008,34988,152733.0;2008,34989,143171.0;2008,170,176013.0;2008,169,147241.0;2008,168,85455.0;2008,166,245822.0;2008,165,170369.0;2008,164,200327.0;2008,163,225049.0;2008,162,258346.0;2008,128,84137.0;2008,167,46330.0;2008,161,416339.0;2008,200,129594.0;2008,160,210654.0;2008,201,61416.0;2008,65,259390.0;2008,259,218555.0;2008,157,8406.0;2008,156,142273.0;2008,158,79723.0;2008,250,140746.0;2008,202,73101.0;2008,155,261221.0;2008,3,417335.0;2008,203,91609.0;2008,152,80921.0;2008,6,437606.0;2008,149,253134.0;2008,148,258180.0;2008,147,67709.0;2008,145,130435.0;2008,139,210827.0;2008,138,269012.0;2008,207,175562.0;2008,137,192973.0;2008,136,166719.0;2008,135,265194.0;2008,134,105689.0;2008,2,309917.0;2008,133,322869.0;2008,8,227242.0;2008,132,164849.0;2008,14,323086.0;2008,130,239238.0;2008,131,144354.0;2008,129,214815.0;2008,208,276471.0;2008,126,157047.0;2008,125,240000.0;2008,122,178148.0;2008,124,256020.0;2008,123,166379.0;2008,120,193333.0;2008,119,148017.0;2008,210,360199.0;2008,118,59912.0;2008,117,146009.0;2008,115,239915.0;2008,212,271429.0;2008,114,53679.0;2008,213,229444.0;2008,113,277258.0;2008,112,109652.0;2008,215,131181.0;2008,216,39523.0;2008,110,244675.0;2008,109,140000.0;2008,142,147742.0;2008,108,131969.0;2008,107,131100.0;2008,5,455741.0;2008,220,104294.0;2008,106,459091.0;2008,105,137500.0;2008,104,177412.0;2008,103,42015.0;2008,102,278679.0;2008,140,326629.0;2008,217,326471.0;2008,101,164550.0;2008,100,257074.0;2008,99,44545.0;2008,98,69634.0;2008,97,129138.0;2008,96,151753.0;2008,11,190607.0;2008,95,145656.0;2008,226,100000.0;2008,127,294349.0;2008,111,86741.0;2008,245,140000.0;2008,92,140485.0;2008,12,137560.0;2008,91,91329.0;2008,227,265556.0;2008,90,249332.0;2008,89,113000.0;2008,88,103921.0;2008,85,171883.0;2008,83,226607.0;2008,81,340000.0;2008,9,262166.0;2008,141,145282.0;2008,5396,164925.0;2008,78,20214.0;2008,10,317175.0;2008,7,427745.0;2008,77,199185.0;2008,76,237053.0;2008,75,150459.0;2008,66,140996.0;2008,3897,21390.0;2008,71,149194.0;2008,70,283909.0;2008,69,60050.0;2008,68,69072.0;2008,67,138728.0;2008,72,262593.0;2008,1,416597.0;2008,64,54054.0;2008,13,444373.0;2008,63,169299.0;2008,62,234288.0;2008,238,191154.0;2008,84,105556.0;2008,61,114709.0;2008,60,101051.0;2008,15,140000.0;2008,16,193878.0;2008,17,236393.0;2008,19,85085.0;2008,21,279412.0;2008,22,189096.0;2008,23,366642.0;2008,24,331993.0;2008,25,156429.0;2008,27,210000.0;2008,28,165373.0;2008,30,220735.0;2008,4,460711.0;2008,31,129104.0;2008,32,26394.0;2008,194,242391.0;2008,33,95006.0;2008,34,54067.0;2008,35,106066.0;2008,37,253729.0;2008,39,163091.0;2008,40,18737.0;2008,41,26273.0;2008,18581,158874.0;2008,43,26367.0;2008,44,312066.0;2008,174,13357.0;2008,173,84400.0;2008,172,172591.0;2008,171,151821.0;2008,34845,151778.0;2008,34979,228639.0;2009,15,140000.0;2009,16,219780.0;2009,17,250764.0;2009,19,86509.0;2009,21,285655.0;2009,22,185496.0;2009,23,361747.0;2009,24,324947.0;2009,25,149950.0;2009,27,166667.0;2009,28,133367.0;2009,30,186040.0;2009,4,447083.0;2009,31,134810.0;2009,32,21519.0;2009,194,241950.0;2009,33,98644.0;2009,34,52309.0;2009,35,112701.0;2009,37,248299.0;2009,39,165508.0;2009,40,16479.0;2009,41,27711.0;2009,18581,163478.0;2009,43,28754.0;2009,44,313126.0;2009,174,12606.0;2009,173,83333.0;2009,172,205101.0;2009,171,144028.0;2009,34845,143990.0;2009,34979,231070.0;2009,170,183793.0;2009,169,146831.0;2009,168,85000.0;2009,166,250144.0;2009,165,193036.0;2009,164,223237.0;2009,163,226358.0;2009,162,262209.0;2009,128,117293.0;2009,167,46330.0;2009,161,415861.0;2009,200,133748.0;2009,160,219707.0;2009,201,58530.0;2009,65,264241.0;2009,259,252417.0;2009,157,12000.0;2009,156,152752.0;2009,158,82015.0;2009,250,141084.0;2009,202,72460.0;2009,155,286098.0;2009,3,455262.0;2009,203,92857.0;2009,152,120444.0;2009,6,440557.0;2009,149,253134.0;2009,148,263584.0;2009,147,89880.0;2009,145,125000.0;2009,139,166654.0;2009,138,251082.0;2009,207,133427.0;2009,137,188103.0;2009,136,165123.0;2009,135,266738.0;2009,134,113307.0;2009,2,280078.0;2009,133,320438.0;2009,8,248352.0;2009,132,169416.0;2009,14,295909.0;2009,130,312382.0;2009,131,161809.0;2009,129,191199.0;2009,208,282501.0;2009,126,159993.0;2009,125,240000.0;2009,122,175133.0;2009,124,224868.0;2009,123,159649.0;2009,120,194458.0;2009,119,142167.0;2009,210,331854.0;2009,118,59915.0;2009,117,161923.0;2009,115,237913.0;2009,212,143843.0;2009,114,53965.0;2009,213,231096.0;2009,113,277374.0;2009,112,111801.0;2009,215,150946.0;2009,216,42387.0;2009,110,195328.0;2009,109,145000.0;2009,142,147580.0;2009,108,130495.0;2009,107,133263.0;2009,5,463376.0;2009,220,99200.0;2009,106,478154.0;2009,105,134615.0;2009,104,172504.0;2009,103,40000.0;2009,102,241836.0;2009,140,335033.0;2009,217,284100.0;2009,101,202848.0;2009,100,233370.0;2009,99,47470.0;2009,98,50500.0;2009,97,133353.0;2009,96,150758.0;2009,11,191018.0;2009,95,152168.0;2009,226,110000.0;2009,127,276245.0;2009,111,92813.0;2009,245,120000.0;2009,92,153812.0;2009,12,142659.0;2009,91,102216.0;2009,227,235849.0;2009,90,251423.0;2009,89,200000.0;2009,88,114915.0;2009,85,185992.0;2009,83,247725.0;2009,81,339378.0;2009,9,318545.0;2009,141,149034.0;2009,5396,166667.0;2009,78,20287.0;2009,10,318212.0;2009,7,465002.0;2009,77,202435.0;2009,76,231535.0;2009,75,165948.0;2009,66,149105.0;2009,3897,20447.0;2009,71,144321.0;2009,70,308213.0;2009,69,60171.0;2009,68,68218.0;2009,67,139298.0;2009,72,253571.0;2009,1,444167.0;2009,64,43997.0;2009,13,464446.0;2009,63,161006.0;2009,62,242755.0;2009,238,199672.0;2009,84,104865.0;2009,61,129331.0;2009,60,172628.0;2009,80,166522.0;2009,355,179082.0;2009,273,127155.0;2009,462,108445.0;2009,463,62997.0;2009,464,233294.0;2009,465,303519.0;2009,466,45312.0;2009,290,257719.0;2009,450,425510.0;2009,477,266006.0;2009,436,215567.0;2009,295,154135.0;2009,275,161463.0;2009,469,169068.0;2009,467,146174.0;2009,470,181160.0;2009,471,146688.0;2009,472,229140.0;2009,276,197652.0;2009,473,151857.0;2009,474,333650.0;2009,475,208093.0;2009,476,446389.0;2009,277,388753.0;2009,34981,391917.0;2009,478,69077.0;2009,479,92857.0;2009,318,301135.0;2009,454,111624.0;2009,34987,127605.0;2009,5398,201826.0;2009,34988,149927.0;2009,34989,136630.0;2010,80,167274.0;2010,355,178859.0;2010,273,144111.0;2010,462,132671.0;2010,463,63600.0;2010,464,252672.0;2010,465,307407.0;2010,466,42985.0;2010,290,254628.0;2010,450,417653.0;2010,477,262932.0;2010,436,202861.0;2010,295,156583.0;2010,275,173289.0;2010,469,161583.0;2010,467,158147.0;2010,470,197877.0;2010,471,147641.0;2010,472,234503.0;2010,276,176522.0;2010,473,130130.0;2010,474,325577.0;2010,475,199663.0;2010,476,412512.0;2010,277,381361.0;2010,34981,383895.0;2010,478,63169.0;2010,479,92643.0;2010,318,283340.0;2010,454,135970.0;2010,34987,132269.0;2010,5398,185630.0;2010,34988,165563.0;2010,34989,156711.0;2010,170,172462.0;2010,169,147157.0;2010,168,85145.0;2010,166,249758.0;2010,165,163115.0;2010,164,220851.0;2010,163,192714.0;2010,162,245461.0;2010,128,128421.0;2010,167,46331.0;2010,161,352675.0;2010,200,137778.0;2010,160,232776.0;2010,201,87422.0;2010,65,259211.0;2010,259,252796.0;2010,157,15031.0;2010,156,174562.0;2010,158,82829.0;2010,250,141443.0;2010,202,71774.0;2010,155,261548.0;2010,3,421566.0;2010,203,92643.0;2010,152,110531.0;2010,6,399761.0;2010,149,252472.0;2010,148,251562.0;2010,147,59840.0;2010,145,121500.0;2010,139,146252.0;2010,138,217319.0;2010,207,175000.0;2010,137,199299.0;2010,136,159445.0;2010,135,292161.0;2010,134,157177.0;2010,2,344000.0;2010,133,337769.0;2010,8,249684.0;2010,132,142411.0;2010,14,277576.0;2010,130,301761.0;2010,131,142955.0;2010,129,224279.0;2010,208,276761.0;2010,126,159644.0;2010,125,243125.0;2010,122,160797.0;2010,124,237822.0;2010,123,165000.0;2010,120,193880.0;2010,119,130301.0;2010,210,317577.0;2010,118,58747.0;2010,117,160600.0;2010,115,222891.0;2010,212,221698.0;2010,114,51163.0;2010,213,203649.0;2010,113,277578.0;2010,112,121584.0;2010,215,145740.0;2010,216,45309.0;2010,110,283502.0;2010,109,143416.0;2010,142,147959.0;2010,108,121051.0;2010,107,135841.0;2010,5,435980.0;2010,220,96444.0;2010,106,495751.0;2010,105,134615.0;2010,104,177212.0;2010,103,38456.0;2010,102,251662.0;2010,140,368185.0;2010,217,210880.0;2010,101,226823.0;2010,100,227645.0;2010,99,48477.0;2010,98,131165.0;2010,97,131588.0;2010,96,153366.0;2010,11,178586.0;2010,95,148837.0;2010,226,92000.0;2010,127,247544.0;2010,111,102114.0;2010,245,127919.0;2010,92,132960.0;2010,12,100235.0;2010,91,118679.0;2010,227,236013.0;2010,90,260575.0;2010,89,200000.0;2010,88,115730.0;2010,85,114455.0;2010,83,245353.0;2010,81,341126.0;2010,9,293910.0;2010,141,135234.0;2010,5396,166667.0;2010,78,20000.0;2010,10,301218.0;2010,7,386978.0;2010,77,195130.0;2010,76,239308.0;2010,75,142016.0;2010,66,155110.0;2010,3897,10986.0;2010,71,155462.0;2010,70,323327.0;2010,69,59105.0;2010,68,116918.0;2010,67,132481.0;2010,72,266357.0;2010,1,438841.0;2010,64,85134.0;2010,13,452767.0;2010,63,200915.0;2010,62,239448.0;2010,238,176211.0;2010,84,120448.0;2010,61,130942.0;2010,60,162228.0;2010,15,120000.0;2010,16,231111.0;2010,17,270526.0;2010,19,87425.0;2010,21,292327.0;2010,22,170146.0;2010,23,351334.0;2010,24,305703.0;2010,25,144945.0;2010,27,153452.0;2010,28,182299.0;2010,30,213518.0;2010,4,422676.0;2010,31,123091.0;2010,32,23798.0;2010,194,241706.0;2010,33,117374.0;2010,34,56579.0;2010,35,104566.0;2010,37,258859.0;2010,39,181957.0;2010,40,17177.0;2010,41,28666.0;2010,18581,142240.0;2010,43,30446.0;2010,44,316055.0;2010,174,11650.0;2010,173,89246.0;2010,172,212986.0;2010,171,156684.0;2010,34845,156643.0;2010,34979,242348.0;2011,15,100000.0;2011,16,242211.0;2011,17,292806.0;2011,19,81366.0;2011,21,289408.0;2011,22,194426.0;2011,23,350887.0;2011,24,357127.0;2011,25,143973.0;2011,27,168205.0;2011,28,180931.0;2011,30,209564.0;2011,4,501412.0;2011,31,110000.0;2011,32,23673.0;2011,194,241192.0;2011,33,82519.0;2011,34,57021.0;2011,35,111158.0;2011,37,262528.0;2011,39,143395.0;2011,40,17125.0;2011,41,31767.0;2011,18581,108245.0;2011,43,21932.0;2011,44,295863.0;2011,174,11574.0;2011,173,90889.0;2011,172,312460.0;2011,171,162821.0;2011,34845,162777.0;2011,34979,261432.0;2011,170,173390.0;2011,169,147483.0;2011,168,85592.0;2011,166,224226.0;2011,165,153960.0;2011,164,224847.0;2011,163,282817.0;2011,162,304473.0;2011,128,126331.0;2011,167,46046.0;2011,161,389423.0;2011,200,141628.0;2011,160,236186.0;2011,201,77752.0;2011,65,264311.0;2011,259,196316.0;2011,157,17581.0;2011,156,178361.0;2011,158,79894.0;2011,250,141836.0;2011,202,71085.0;2011,155,275943.0;2011,3,468991.0;2011,203,93011.0;2011,152,135594.0;2011,6,457565.0;2011,149,266369.0;2011,148,254662.0;2011,147,56960.0;2011,145,126108.0;2011,139,159629.0;2011,138,285714.0;2011,207,139961.0;2011,137,227240.0;2011,136,159562.0;2011,135,276470.0;2011,134,137820.0;2011,2,342308.0;2011,133,339536.0;2011,8,249158.0;2011,132,190236.0;2011,14,294691.0;2011,130,367856.0;2011,131,167181.0;2011,129,191690.0;2011,208,270424.0;2011,126,162543.0;2011,125,250723.0;2011,122,168013.0;2011,124,239130.0;2011,123,164706.0;2011,120,189247.0;2011,119,155889.0;2011,210,309906.0;2011,118,58707.0;2011,117,159930.0;2011,115,204721.0;2011,212,269886.0;2011,114,55442.0;2011,213,213264.0;2011,113,262734.0;2011,112,131139.0;2011,215,165223.0;2011,216,48108.0;2011,110,297584.0;2011,109,143170.0;2011,142,151197.0;2011,108,119473.0;2011,107,137352.0;2011,5,460550.0;2011,220,99706.0;2011,106,492164.0;2011,105,168339.0;2011,104,165100.0;2011,103,33083.0;2011,102,229141.0;2011,140,307278.0;2011,217,259100.0;2011,101,219196.0;2011,100,212716.0;2011,99,50108.0;2011,98,152174.0;2011,97,137379.0;2011,96,147563.0;2011,11,204662.0;2011,95,147094.0;2011,226,180000.0;2011,127,232141.0;2011,111,120058.0;2011,245,120511.0;2011,92,164154.0;2011,12,148377.0;2011,91,128118.0;2011,227,249231.0;2011,90,248330.0;2011,89,215517.0;2011,88,113747.0;2011,85,209420.0;2011,83,264231.0;2011,81,349231.0;2011,9,307406.0;2011,141,132500.0;2011,5396,166667.0;2011,78,19730.0;2011,10,319681.0;2011,7,457778.0;2011,77,202335.0;2011,76,235049.0;2011,75,146421.0;2011,66,141647.0;2011,3897,14752.0;2011,71,151653.0;2011,70,322626.0;2011,69,59065.0;2011,68,156451.0;2011,67,168039.0;2011,72,276766.0;2011,1,432192.0;2011,64,76593.0;2011,13,447140.0;2011,63,177610.0;2011,62,254138.0;2011,238,173115.0;2011,84,137810.0;2011,61,137003.0;2011,60,155967.0;2011,80,167683.0;2011,355,194102.0;2011,273,140029.0;2011,462,128187.0;2011,463,53956.0;2011,464,263333.0;2011,465,312873.0;2011,466,37433.0;2011,290,258444.0;2011,450,410173.0;2011,477,254613.0;2011,436,208668.0;2011,295,163822.0;2011,275,182764.0;2011,469,174407.0;2011,467,164048.0;2011,470,215182.0;2011,471,152325.0;2011,472,234538.0;2011,276,210920.0;2011,473,165774.0;2011,474,335065.0;2011,475,202938.0;2011,476,462628.0;2011,277,382891.0;2011,34981,386222.0;2011,478,72402.0;2011,479,93011.0;2011,318,320018.0;2011,454,135673.0;2011,34987,138549.0;2011,5398,193171.0;2011,34988,173513.0;2011,34989,156948.0;2012,60,157821.0;2012,80,171875.0;2012,355,190634.0;2012,273,146917.0;2012,462,142381.0;2012,463,43432.0;2012,464,266687.0;2012,465,311419.0;2012,466,40461.0;2012,290,266355.0;2012,450,422067.0;2012,477,259313.0;2012,436,194993.0;2012,295,161808.0;2012,275,183163.0;2012,469,177483.0;2012,467,168684.0;2012,470,208831.0;2012,471,156273.0;2012,472,216983.0;2012,276,195512.0;2012,473,156229.0;2012,474,286464.0;2012,475,198024.0;2012,476,434869.0;2012,277,405819.0;2012,34981,408981.0;2012,478,73892.0;2012,479,93440.0;2012,318,298993.0;2012,454,142778.0;2012,34987,144008.0;2012,5398,185063.0;2012,34988,171499.0;2012,34989,161530.0;2012,170,181661.0;2012,169,147817.0;2012,168,85435.0;2012,166,252978.0;2012,165,147848.0;2012,164,205385.0;2012,163,180659.0;2012,162,294943.0;2012,128,113433.0;2012,167,45813.0;2012,161,421316.0;2012,200,150000.0;2012,160,242634.0;2012,201,83078.0;2012,65,268531.0;2012,259,295706.0;2012,157,14224.0;2012,156,182175.0;2012,158,115213.0;2012,250,142857.0;2012,202,65000.0;2012,155,236522.0;2012,3,411129.0;2012,203,93440.0;2012,152,98054.0;2012,6,447570.0;2012,149,199992.0;2012,148,249536.0;2012,147,68229.0;2012,145,126755.0;2012,139,142073.0;2012,138,218385.0;2012,207,192079.0;2012,137,217530.0;2012,136,165820.0;2012,135,279398.0;2012,134,134713.0;2012,2,257778.0;2012,133,364216.0;2012,8,254511.0;2012,132,165440.0;2012,14,307882.0;2012,130,234470.0;2012,131,165903.0;2012,129,203389.0;2012,208,268235.0;2012,126,161034.0;2012,125,145778.0;2012,122,191099.0;2012,124,233333.0;2012,123,164286.0;2012,120,189474.0;2012,119,170776.0;2012,210,343333.0;2012,118,58937.0;2012,117,172009.0;2012,115,197659.0;2012,212,181041.0;2012,114,57143.0;2012,213,233356.0;2012,113,268098.0;2012,112,146207.0;2012,215,117901.0;2012,216,52500.0;2012,110,279800.0;2012,109,143961.0;2012,142,151401.0;2012,108,120539.0;2012,107,135837.0;2012,5,451734.0;2012,220,98176.0;2012,106,485726.0;2012,105,169329.0;2012,104,245833.0;2012,103,34081.0;2012,102,240527.0;2012,140,397412.0;2012,217,300000.0;2012,101,183405.0;2012,100,235466.0;2012,99,52632.0;2012,98,120000.0;2012,97,143316.0;2012,96,147690.0;2012,11,243751.0;2012,95,177890.0;2012,226,120000.0;2012,127,243696.0;2012,111,74849.0;2012,245,108970.0;2012,92,107623.0;2012,12,134410.0;2012,91,141869.0;2012,227,235714.0;2012,90,253233.0;2012,89,267857.0;2012,88,111073.0;2012,85,185432.0;2012,83,234061.0;2012,81,347611.0;2012,9,304387.0;2012,141,155269.0;2012,79,166663.0;2012,78,21053.0;2012,10,325809.0;2012,7,411034.0;2012,77,205260.0;2012,76,237444.0;2012,75,153378.0;2012,66,128731.0;2012,3897,15864.0;2012,71,145923.0;2012,70,278645.0;2012,69,59518.0;2012,68,207105.0;2012,67,161001.0;2012,72,275303.0;2012,1,305570.0;2012,64,73320.0;2012,13,458242.0;2012,63,219891.0;2012,62,270940.0;2012,238,199696.0;2012,84,146352.0;2012,61,131451.0;2012,15,109524.0;2012,16,250538.0;2012,17,304291.0;2012,19,69381.0;2012,21,290977.0;2012,22,207151.0;2012,23,382592.0;2012,24,305237.0;2012,25,146740.0;2012,27,174441.0;2012,28,190627.0;2012,30,208131.0;2012,4,454233.0;2012,31,122054.0;2012,32,23547.0;2012,194,244444.0;2012,33,84679.0;2012,34,53211.0;2012,35,81533.0;2012,37,274457.0;2012,39,101502.0;2012,40,17072.0;2012,41,31165.0;2012,18581,113755.0;2012,43,18202.0;2012,44,310155.0;2012,174,11818.0;2012,173,91198.0;2012,172,263269.0;2012,171,167710.0;2012,34845,167685.0;2012,34979,240768.0;2013,15,131960.0;2013,16,260110.0;2013,17,303218.0;2013,19,63303.0;2013,21,292545.0;2013,22,215290.0;2013,23,385434.0;2013,24,286303.0;2013,25,151999.0;2013,27,175664.0;2013,28,193790.0;2013,30,193536.0;2013,4,454642.0;2013,31,230000.0;2013,32,23421.0;2013,194,244444.0;2013,33,106007.0;2013,34,56017.0;2013,35,104987.0;2013,37,277517.0;2013,39,146080.0;2013,40,17020.0;2013,41,62252.0;2013,18581,146035.0;2013,43,15971.0;2013,44,325123.0;2013,174,11818.0;2013,173,92569.0;2013,172,233767.0;2013,171,170907.0;2013,34845,170879.0;2013,34979,246091.0;2013,170,185619.0;2013,169,148146.0;2013,168,85333.0;2013,166,235423.0;2013,165,158785.0;2013,164,215948.0;2013,163,227426.0;2013,162,231179.0;2013,128,125278.0;2013,167,46024.0;2013,161,415732.0;2013,200,150000.0;2013,160,256603.0;2013,201,73131.0;2013,65,266276.0;2013,259,426047.0;2013,157,12872.0;2013,156,193558.0;2013,158,117611.0;2013,250,145455.0;2013,202,60909.0;2013,155,281312.0;2013,3,431560.0;2013,203,93979.0;2013,152,114517.0;2013,6,398258.0;2013,149,208071.0;2013,148,247554.0;2013,147,75236.0;2013,145,126608.0;2013,139,165370.0;2013,138,232630.0;2013,207,120000.0;2013,137,227606.0;2013,136,160184.0;2013,135,289954.0;2013,134,170599.0;2013,2,383178.0;2013,133,340979.0;2013,8,252483.0;2013,132,165914.0;2013,14,302133.0;2013,130,303332.0;2013,131,181520.0;2013,129,144262.0;2013,208,267429.0;2013,126,165456.0;2013,125,255169.0;2013,122,179674.0;2013,124,260759.0;2013,123,173611.0;2013,120,196667.0;2013,119,148606.0;2013,210,292333.0;2013,118,58992.0;2013,117,175414.0;2013,115,224073.0;2013,212,180629.0;2013,114,62857.0;2013,213,236026.0;2013,113,267752.0;2013,112,123601.0;2013,215,149004.0;2013,216,55000.0;2013,110,363561.0;2013,109,135526.0;2013,142,150028.0;2013,108,120424.0;2013,107,136408.0;2013,5,422075.0;2013,220,9412.0;2013,106,484310.0;2013,105,170847.0;2013,104,256815.0;2013,103,33999.0;2013,102,251702.0;2013,140,338629.0;2013,217,303030.0;2013,101,218059.0;2013,100,240975.0;2013,99,61538.0;2013,98,147679.0;2013,97,144125.0;2013,96,149204.0;2013,11,210624.0;2013,95,182243.0;2013,226,122907.0;2013,127,265198.0;2013,111,100704.0;2013,245,102709.0;2013,92,158462.0;2013,12,144644.0;2013,91,136056.0;2013,227,235294.0;2013,90,256547.0;2013,89,220818.0;2013,88,151129.0;2013,85,183199.0;2013,83,187950.0;2013,81,349659.0;2013,9,301264.0;2013,141,153210.0;2013,79,166669.0;2013,78,21579.0;2013,10,337563.0;2013,7,325935.0;2013,77,196853.0;2013,76,251396.0;2013,75,150014.0;2013,66,139459.0;2013,3897,14454.0;2013,71,160417.0;2013,70,315982.0;2013,69,59447.0;2013,68,191414.0;2013,67,159664.0;2013,72,279234.0;2013,1,408993.0;2013,64,87000.0;2013,13,463577.0;2013,63,224434.0;2013,62,283099.0;2013,238,197853.0;2013,84,135800.0;2013,61,125064.0;2013,60,161654.0;2013,80,165714.0;2013,355,193993.0;2013,273,142151.0;2013,462,134285.0;2013,463,38641.0;2013,464,278906.0;2013,465,312670.0;2013,466,41620.0;2013,290,262144.0;2013,450,428888.0;2013,477,258644.0;2013,436,193550.0;2013,295,160383.0;2013,275,188800.0;2013,469,188495.0;2013,467,171883.0;2013,470,218323.0;2013,471,152940.0;2013,472,230675.0;2013,276,201462.0;2013,473,159258.0;2013,474,338601.0;2013,475,210050.0;2013,476,413389.0;2013,277,405757.0;2013,34981,409400.0;2013,478,37952.0;2013,479,93979.0;2013,318,305692.0;2013,454,144053.0;2013,34987,149075.0;2013,5398,183568.0;2013,34988,175517.0;2013,34989,161441.0;2014,60,165105.0;2014,80,166750.0;2014,355,199851.0;2014,273,136518.0;2014,462,125258.0;2014,463,35194.0;2014,464,271258.0;2014,465,313511.0;2014,466,41195.0;2014,290,267874.0;2014,450,436723.0;2014,477,261524.0;2014,436,195161.0;2014,295,164864.0;2014,275,188163.0;2014,469,191810.0;2014,467,170193.0;2014,470,217510.0;2014,471,163481.0;2014,472,238041.0;2014,276,221730.0;2014,473,172564.0;2014,474,351885.0;2014,475,218534.0;2014,476,474859.0;2014,277,413229.0;2014,34981,418243.0;2014,478,54952.0;2014,479,94518.0;2014,318,354556.0;2014,454,142218.0;2014,34987,146132.0;2014,5398,182668.0;2014,34988,174324.0;2014,34989,159550.0;2014,170,200521.0;2014,169,148466.0;2014,168,85232.0;2014,166,222882.0;2014,165,156011.0;2014,164,207586.0;2014,163,234114.0;2014,162,290726.0;2014,128,122715.0;2014,167,45999.0;2014,161,431194.0;2014,200,149968.0;2014,160,267053.0;2014,201,126795.0;2014,65,268077.0;2014,259,262530.0;2014,157,11520.0;2014,156,183281.0;2014,158,136847.0;2014,250,143041.0;2014,202,68506.0;2014,155,272864.0;2014,3,479779.0;2014,203,94518.0;2014,152,118791.0;2014,6,474154.0;2014,149,244746.0;2014,148,249617.0;2014,147,70984.0;2014,145,126461.0;2014,139,165558.0;2014,138,270462.0;2014,207,138333.0;2014,137,229224.0;2014,136,176668.0;2014,135,296763.0;2014,134,156264.0;2014,2,403158.0;2014,133,357683.0;2014,8,260834.0;2014,132,169498.0;2014,14,313665.0;2014,130,319430.0;2014,131,184249.0;2014,129,140655.0;2014,208,675355.0;2014,126,167406.0;2014,125,300435.0;2014,122,189000.0;2014,124,255304.0;2014,123,169037.0;2014,120,201279.0;2014,119,171612.0;2014,210,312442.0;2014,118,59046.0;2014,117,172870.0;2014,115,184290.0;2014,212,179414.0;2014,114,58465.0;2014,213,236346.0;2014,113,273385.0;2014,112,122294.0;2014,215,147799.0;2014,216,53880.0;2014,110,307171.0;2014,109,117086.0;2014,142,150639.0;2014,108,120310.0;2014,107,136955.0;2014,5,456602.0;2014,220,52043.0;2014,106,486742.0;2014,105,169889.0;2014,104,276043.0;2014,103,33917.0;2014,102,289753.0;2014,140,354097.0;2014,217,269610.0;2014,101,181506.0;2014,100,237142.0;2014,99,58072.0;2014,98,150000.0;2014,97,147779.0;2014,96,151423.0;2014,11,277661.0;2014,95,198482.0;2014,226,127619.0;2014,127,275024.0;2014,111,117805.0;2014,245,96984.0;2014,92,173659.0;2014,12,149902.0;2014,91,134848.0;2014,227,235714.0;2014,90,260662.0;2014,89,208713.0;2014,88,113883.0;2014,85,196394.0;2014,83,269011.0;2014,81,351682.0;2014,9,334922.0;2014,141,153536.0;2014,79,170252.0;2014,78,21084.0;2014,10,345420.0;2014,7,444229.0;2014,77,180603.0;2014,76,240199.0;2014,75,160790.0;2014,66,149372.0;2014,3897,13453.0;2014,71,160626.0;2014,70,324475.0;2014,69,59375.0;2014,68,197436.0;2014,67,176447.0;2014,72,283165.0;2014,1,419220.0;2014,64,91651.0;2014,13,471507.0;2014,63,204308.0;2014,62,306934.0;2014,238,191971.0;2014,84,140954.0;2014,61,128690.0;2014,15,136054.0;2014,16,250000.0;2014,17,299247.0;2014,19,63239.0;2014,21,294113.0;2014,22,232366.0;2014,23,396970.0;2014,24,350748.0;2014,25,132881.0;2014,27,176888.0;2014,28,193845.0;2014,30,203925.0;2014,4,540003.0;2014,31,118990.0;2014,32,23295.0;2014,194,240743.0;2014,33,88962.0;2014,34,54489.0;2014,35,87903.0;2014,37,279410.0;2014,39,129986.0;2014,40,16967.0;2014,41,74138.0;2014,18581,154379.0;2014,43,13740.0;2014,44,330296.0;2014,174,11363.0;2014,173,93941.0;2014,172,216752.0;2014,171,169235.0;2014,34845,169203.0;2014,34979,249984.0
23817;1961,95,6515.0;1961,127,22657.0;1961,92,13438.0;1961,91,7869.0;1961,90,14706.0;1961,81,6190.0;1961,9,8837.0;1961,5396,16098.0;1961,10,32627.0;1961,7,27134.0;1961,77,5754.0;1961,71,5471.0;1961,70,9093.0;1961,1,35372.0;1961,64,7625.0;1961,13,16070.0;1961,63,8523.0;1961,270,9920.0;1961,238,5403.0;1961,61,13077.0;1961,34980,16161.0;1961,60,16000.0;1961,80,14673.0;1961,355,10889.0;1961,273,6930.0;1961,462,7486.0;1961,463,10571.0;1961,464,6959.0;1961,465,6305.0;1961,466,16334.0;1961,290,12981.0;1961,450,13258.0;1961,477,16383.0;1961,295,11358.0;1961,275,7486.0;1961,467,6147.0;1961,470,8542.0;1961,471,3078.0;1961,472,8499.0;1961,276,12562.0;1961,473,10650.0;1961,474,32566.0;1961,475,13956.0;1961,476,26076.0;1961,277,11569.0;1961,34981,11569.0;1961,478,25000.0;1961,318,18591.0;1961,454,9352.0;1961,34987,9489.0;1961,5398,25000.0;1961,34988,8411.0;1961,34989,8539.0;1961,15,10220.0;1961,16,7731.0;1961,17,4060.0;1961,19,11111.0;1961,21,12950.0;1961,23,11291.0;1961,24,25802.0;1961,28,5738.0;1961,34978,37116.0;1961,33,10204.0;1961,34,5625.0;1961,36,25000.0;1961,37,5330.0;1961,39,15416.0;1961,41,4444.0;1961,44,7529.0;1961,173,11111.0;1961,172,13398.0;1961,171,5591.0;1961,34845,5578.0;1961,34979,20335.0;1961,170,8881.0;1961,163,5792.0;1961,267,25997.0;1961,128,5060.0;1961,167,7090.0;1961,161,41205.0;1961,201,9924.0;1961,65,24697.0;1961,34982,7127.0;1961,155,19436.0;1961,3,23950.0;1961,6,28607.0;1961,149,13026.0;1961,148,7319.0;1961,139,7824.0;1961,138,19095.0;1961,137,8507.0;1961,135,7970.0;1961,134,7794.0;1961,2,33676.0;1961,133,10477.0;1961,8,19103.0;1961,14,27455.0;1961,130,5058.0;1961,129,10907.0;1961,124,9956.0;1961,123,8648.0;1961,120,2829.0;1961,117,15000.0;1961,115,15000.0;1961,212,13746.0;1961,114,2222.0;1961,113,16758.0;1961,112,3685.0;1961,110,4528.0;1961,109,7652.0;1961,142,3078.0;1961,108,9867.0;1961,107,12273.0;1961,5,39251.0;1961,220,25000.0;1961,106,33517.0;1961,104,12270.0;1961,103,17778.0;1961,102,28300.0;1961,217,14000.0;1961,101,8222.0;1961,98,9000.0;1961,97,10012.0;1961,11,19929.0;1962,15,9735.0;1962,16,10522.0;1962,17,8045.0;1962,19,11111.0;1962,21,15222.0;1962,23,12533.0;1962,24,26122.0;1962,28,6753.0;1962,34978,41868.0;1962,33,10200.0;1962,34,5000.0;1962,36,25000.0;1962,37,9491.0;1962,39,16669.0;1962,41,7143.0;1962,44,14183.0;1962,173,12727.0;1962,172,12614.0;1962,171,6941.0;1962,34845,6929.0;1962,34979,20675.0;1962,170,10800.0;1962,163,9679.0;1962,267,24549.0;1962,128,5273.0;1962,167,9900.0;1962,161,41830.0;1962,201,7897.0;1962,65,26064.0;1962,34982,7127.0;1962,155,14753.0;1962,3,30752.0;1962,6,33898.0;1962,149,14433.0;1962,148,8200.0;1962,139,8084.0;1962,138,17888.0;1962,137,8896.0;1962,135,7760.0;1962,134,7754.0;1962,2,34548.0;1962,133,10864.0;1962,8,20847.0;1962,14,25405.0;1962,130,3929.0;1962,129,9212.0;1962,124,10963.0;1962,123,7857.0;1962,120,2100.0;1962,117,15000.0;1962,115,14000.0;1962,212,13746.0;1962,114,2222.0;1962,113,19462.0;1962,112,9013.0;1962,110,10274.0;1962,109,7895.0;1962,142,4124.0;1962,108,12050.0;1962,107,12321.0;1962,5,45475.0;1962,220,25000.0;1962,106,28285.0;1962,104,12004.0;1962,103,17778.0;1962,102,20525.0;1962,217,14000.0;1962,101,8178.0;1962,98,7000.0;1962,97,9926.0;1962,11,19383.0;1962,95,8857.0;1962,127,20093.0;1962,92,13323.0;1962,91,7997.0;1962,90,14400.0;1962,81,5127.0;1962,9,11307.0;1962,5396,16588.0;1962,10,30609.0;1962,7,38648.0;1962,77,9696.0;1962,71,8000.0;1962,70,10818.0;1962,1,43527.0;1962,64,9766.0;1962,13,16809.0;1962,63,11289.0;1962,270,9869.0;1962,238,5258.0;1962,61,12963.0;1962,34980,16467.0;1962,60,16859.0;1962,80,15895.0;1962,355,12060.0;1962,273,9236.0;1962,462,7374.0;1962,463,11027.0;1962,464,10773.0;1962,465,5264.0;1962,466,16082.0;1962,290,15471.0;1962,450,15810.0;1962,477,18890.0;1962,295,13453.0;1962,275,8448.0;1962,467,7467.0;1962,470,8679.0;1962,471,4124.0;1962,472,10149.0;1962,276,13269.0;1962,473,10550.0;1962,474,35870.0;1962,475,15634.0;1962,476,32088.0;1962,277,12709.0;1962,34981,12709.0;1962,478,25000.0;1962,318,21331.0;1962,454,9076.0;1962,34987,9574.0;1962,5398,25000.0;1962,34988,8807.0;1962,34989,9524.0;1963,95,8002.0;1963,127,16559.0;1963,92,13216.0;1963,91,8026.0;1963,90,16364.0;1963,81,5793.0;1963,9,11456.0;1963,5396,13635.0;1963,10,30169.0;1963,7,28725.0;1963,77,7632.0;1963,71,8000.0;1963,70,12700.0;1963,1,39051.0;1963,64,11143.0;1963,13,16949.0;1963,63,6683.0;1963,270,7228.0;1963,238,5249.0;1963,61,12982.0;1963,34980,19324.0;1963,60,20140.0;1963,80,19530.0;1963,355,11320.0;1963,273,8990.0;1963,462,7627.0;1963,463,11225.0;1963,464,10171.0;1963,465,5888.0;1963,466,16071.0;1963,290,16568.0;1963,450,17214.0;1963,477,20270.0;1963,295,13791.0;1963,275,8532.0;1963,467,7911.0;1963,470,7965.0;1963,471,5582.0;1963,472,11249.0;1963,276,10997.0;1963,473,8175.0;1963,474,33338.0;1963,475,15135.0;1963,476,29423.0;1963,277,13575.0;1963,34981,13574.0;1963,478,25000.0;1963,318,19601.0;1963,454,8153.0;1963,34987,8364.0;1963,5398,25000.0;1963,34988,8027.0;1963,34989,9065.0;1963,15,8317.0;1963,16,7127.0;1963,17,8326.0;1963,19,11111.0;1963,21,15751.0;1963,23,13387.0;1963,24,25099.0;1963,28,6069.0;1963,34978,40814.0;1963,33,10196.0;1963,34,5189.0;1963,36,25000.0;1963,37,4945.0;1963,39,15920.0;1963,41,6981.0;1963,44,17651.0;1963,173,15000.0;1963,172,15121.0;1963,171,7782.0;1963,34845,7780.0;1963,34979,11349.0;1963,170,7965.0;1963,163,9474.0;1963,267,24634.0;1963,128,5697.0;1963,167,9640.0;1963,161,36698.0;1963,201,7901.0;1963,65,26425.0;1963,34982,7123.0;1963,155,16625.0;1963,3,26624.0;1963,6,33934.0;1963,149,13142.0;1963,148,9371.0;1963,139,8295.0;1963,138,15708.0;1963,137,7929.0;1963,135,7259.0;1963,134,5744.0;1963,2,31921.0;1963,133,10449.0;1963,8,18494.0;1963,14,12258.0;1963,130,3685.0;1963,129,11197.0;1963,124,10909.0;1963,123,7857.0;1963,120,2273.0;1963,117,16182.0;1963,115,13043.0;1963,212,16005.0;1963,114,2111.0;1963,113,20788.0;1963,112,8362.0;1963,110,8727.0;1963,109,9524.0;1963,142,5582.0;1963,108,13333.0;1963,107,12284.0;1963,5,41962.0;1963,220,25000.0;1963,106,27277.0;1963,104,12766.0;1963,103,17778.0;1963,102,25652.0;1963,217,13636.0;1963,101,8303.0;1963,98,9072.0;1963,97,10157.0;1963,11,19890.0;1964,15,9510.0;1964,16,9625.0;1964,17,5317.0;1964,19,9286.0;1964,21,18353.0;1964,23,13841.0;1964,24,26524.0;1964,28,6011.0;1964,34978,43638.0;1964,33,10192.0;1964,34,5229.0;1964,36,25000.0;1964,37,8765.0;1964,39,17736.0;1964,41,6491.0;1964,44,13604.0;1964,173,14595.0;1964,172,15489.0;1964,171,8215.0;1964,34845,8211.0;1964,34979,20722.0;1964,170,8500.0;1964,163,6835.0;1964,267,22181.0;1964,128,6012.0;1964,167,10280.0;1964,161,42257.0;1964,201,6681.0;1964,65,27551.0;1964,34982,7100.0;1964,155,17238.0;1964,3,31534.0;1964,6,34845.0;1964,149,16530.0;1964,148,9304.0;1964,139,8034.0;1964,138,18557.0;1964,137,7299.0;1964,135,7088.0;1964,134,6208.0;1964,2,31304.0;1964,133,22658.0;1964,8,19477.0;1964,14,24479.0;1964,130,9934.0;1964,129,11973.0;1964,124,8500.0;1964,123,7714.0;1964,120,1867.0;1964,117,15000.0;1964,115,11111.0;1964,212,14789.0;1964,114,2000.0;1964,113,26922.0;1964,112,9416.0;1964,110,9412.0;1964,109,7018.0;1964,142,6762.0;1964,108,13333.0;1964,107,12257.0;1964,5,47064.0;1964,220,25000.0;1964,106,33195.0;1964,104,11698.0;1964,103,18182.0;1964,102,27962.0;1964,217,13636.0;1964,101,8292.0;1964,98,6481.0;1964,97,9588.0;1964,11,18720.0;1964,95,6887.0;1964,127,21219.0;1964,92,12923.0;1964,91,3953.0;1964,90,15854.0;1964,81,8036.0;1964,9,9609.0;1964,5396,15758.0;1964,10,41053.0;1964,7,36435.0;1964,77,7454.0;1964,71,7667.0;1964,70,10538.0;1964,1,42475.0;1964,64,10840.0;1964,13,17344.0;1964,63,12252.0;1964,270,10302.0;1964,238,5540.0;1964,61,12969.0;1964,34980,17608.0;1964,60,14759.0;1964,80,26896.0;1964,355,12413.0;1964,273,8736.0;1964,462,7712.0;1964,463,9965.0;1964,464,9106.0;1964,465,8024.0;1964,466,16390.0;1964,290,16242.0;1964,450,15946.0;1964,477,26109.0;1964,295,16361.0;1964,275,8431.0;1964,467,8574.0;1964,470,7699.0;1964,471,6762.0;1964,472,9699.0;1964,276,13518.0;1964,473,10958.0;1964,474,37458.0;1964,475,14887.0;1964,476,33002.0;1964,277,14059.0;1964,34981,14059.0;1964,478,25000.0;1964,318,21198.0;1964,454,8913.0;1964,34987,9397.0;1964,5398,25000.0;1964,34988,7788.0;1964,34989,9515.0;1965,95,9750.0;1965,127,19800.0;1965,92,19900.0;1965,91,8496.0;1965,90,17503.0;1965,81,4824.0;1965,9,11077.0;1965,5396,9833.0;1965,10,37500.0;1965,7,32267.0;1965,77,8600.0;1965,71,8000.0;1965,70,10749.0;1965,1,40653.0;1965,64,10006.0;1965,13,17853.0;1965,63,11342.0;1965,270,7992.0;1965,238,5806.0;1965,61,13393.0;1965,34980,20570.0;1965,60,22766.0;1965,80,23533.0;1965,355,12151.0;1965,273,8287.0;1965,462,8126.0;1965,463,11546.0;1965,464,9145.0;1965,465,4943.0;1965,466,16332.0;1965,290,16334.0;1965,450,16973.0;1965,477,24576.0;1965,295,12446.0;1965,275,9755.0;1965,467,10505.0;1965,470,8843.0;1965,471,6445.0;1965,472,10174.0;1965,276,12469.0;1965,473,9338.0;1965,474,36734.0;1965,475,16985.0;1965,476,32712.0;1965,277,10216.0;1965,34981,10216.0;1965,478,25000.0;1965,318,23487.0;1965,454,9015.0;1965,34987,9538.0;1965,5398,25000.0;1965,34988,8994.0;1965,34989,9534.0;1965,15,9723.0;1965,16,11344.0;1965,17,6057.0;1965,19,11111.0;1965,21,13212.0;1965,23,9970.0;1965,24,23969.0;1965,28,6467.0;1965,34978,39701.0;1965,33,10189.0;1965,34,8730.0;1965,36,25000.0;1965,37,7636.0;1965,39,25486.0;1965,41,6721.0;1965,44,15432.0;1965,173,17930.0;1965,172,15347.0;1965,171,10222.0;1965,34845,10217.0;1965,34979,21128.0;1965,170,9167.0;1965,163,14543.0;1965,267,24211.0;1965,128,5399.0;1965,167,10000.0;1965,161,44573.0;1965,201,8897.0;1965,65,26445.0;1965,34982,7200.0;1965,155,18746.0;1965,3,32655.0;1965,6,32321.0;1965,149,16469.0;1965,148,9914.0;1965,139,8771.0;1965,138,21703.0;1965,137,9132.0;1965,135,7761.0;1965,134,7181.0;1965,2,31560.0;1965,133,20838.0;1965,8,22796.0;1965,14,27043.0;1965,130,9964.0;1965,129,15132.0;1965,124,7199.0;1965,123,7163.0;1965,120,3163.0;1965,117,20000.0;1965,115,11111.0;1965,212,16015.0;1965,114,2222.0;1965,113,25055.0;1965,112,8039.0;1965,110,9518.0;1965,109,10000.0;1965,142,6445.0;1965,108,15556.0;1965,107,12600.0;1965,5,44429.0;1965,220,25000.0;1965,106,33618.0;1965,104,8564.0;1965,103,18182.0;1965,102,27811.0;1965,217,13636.0;1965,101,8631.0;1965,98,10000.0;1965,97,9580.0;1965,11,20639.0;1966,15,8666.0;1966,16,12398.0;1966,17,4252.0;1966,19,11000.0;1966,21,11982.0;1966,23,15070.0;1966,24,28581.0;1966,28,6473.0;1966,34978,26473.0;1966,33,10182.0;1966,34,5500.0;1966,36,23684.0;1966,37,8573.0;1966,39,27959.0;1966,41,6774.0;1966,44,18739.0;1966,173,17066.0;1966,172,17262.0;1966,171,10586.0;1966,34845,10580.0;1966,34979,19651.0;1966,170,11364.0;1966,163,9180.0;1966,267,25293.0;1966,128,6000.0;1966,167,11000.0;1966,161,42752.0;1966,201,9650.0;1966,65,27030.0;1966,34982,7300.0;1966,155,17615.0;1966,3,28296.0;1966,6,32325.0;1966,149,17840.0;1966,148,9580.0;1966,139,8762.0;1966,138,21711.0;1966,137,8268.0;1966,135,8000.0;1966,134,6354.0;1966,2,34877.0;1966,133,13164.0;1966,8,21992.0;1966,14,24311.0;1966,130,4729.0;1966,129,11834.0;1966,124,10281.0;1966,123,8146.0;1966,120,2964.0;1966,117,20367.0;1966,115,13333.0;1966,212,15029.0;1966,114,6061.0;1966,113,22542.0;1966,112,6618.0;1966,110,6101.0;1966,109,11000.0;1966,142,6344.0;1966,108,15000.0;1966,107,12458.0;1966,5,40447.0;1966,220,25000.0;1966,106,36138.0;1966,104,12248.0;1966,103,18182.0;1966,102,23538.0;1966,217,14167.0;1966,101,7597.0;1966,98,11000.0;1966,97,9253.0;1966,11,21501.0;1966,95,6087.0;1966,127,20585.0;1966,92,16691.0;1966,91,8000.0;1966,90,17500.0;1966,81,4832.0;1966,9,11646.0;1966,5396,12033.0;1966,10,30372.0;1966,7,32281.0;1966,77,6553.0;1966,71,8125.0;1966,70,12040.0;1966,68,27315.0;1966,1,38355.0;1966,64,11256.0;1966,13,17688.0;1966,63,8662.0;1966,270,13504.0;1966,238,5000.0;1966,61,13027.0;1966,34980,25112.0;1966,60,19756.0;1966,80,20091.0;1966,355,14079.0;1966,273,7604.0;1966,462,7926.0;1966,463,11710.0;1966,464,8107.0;1966,465,5034.0;1966,466,17093.0;1966,290,17003.0;1966,450,18082.0;1966,477,22005.0;1966,295,11883.0;1966,275,9661.0;1966,467,10771.0;1966,470,8128.0;1966,471,6344.0;1966,472,10800.0;1966,276,16035.0;1966,473,14259.0;1966,474,34458.0;1966,475,17693.0;1966,476,29712.0;1966,277,15270.0;1966,34981,15270.0;1966,478,25000.0;1966,318,22025.0;1966,454,8441.0;1966,34987,8524.0;1966,5398,25000.0;1966,34988,8098.0;1966,34989,8451.0;1967,95,11112.0;1967,127,20548.0;1967,92,19976.0;1967,91,8000.0;1967,90,16471.0;1967,81,8297.0;1967,9,13263.0;1967,5396,10825.0;1967,10,44457.0;1967,7,40257.0;1967,77,8734.0;1967,71,7333.0;1967,70,12463.0;1967,68,27346.0;1967,1,41832.0;1967,64,11322.0;1967,13,17375.0;1967,63,6475.0;1967,270,10858.0;1967,238,5151.0;1967,61,13343.0;1967,34980,25613.0;1967,60,16583.0;1967,80,26907.0;1967,355,13392.0;1967,273,8423.0;1967,462,8157.0;1967,463,13995.0;1967,464,8478.0;1967,465,8222.0;1967,466,17907.0;1967,290,15475.0;1967,450,15967.0;1967,477,26425.0;1967,295,12138.0;1967,275,10342.0;1967,467,11458.0;1967,470,8754.0;1967,471,4979.0;1967,472,11356.0;1967,276,15323.0;1967,473,12195.0;1967,474,38945.0;1967,475,19153.0;1967,476,37863.0;1967,277,8604.0;1967,34981,8604.0;1967,478,30000.0;1967,318,25979.0;1967,454,9830.0;1967,34987,10759.0;1967,5398,30000.0;1967,34988,8870.0;1967,34989,9153.0;1967,15,11232.0;1967,16,13550.0;1967,17,6333.0;1967,19,13500.0;1967,21,12595.0;1967,23,8310.0;1967,24,33049.0;1967,28,7926.0;1967,34978,42594.0;1967,33,10175.0;1967,34,6000.0;1967,36,23684.0;1967,37,7574.0;1967,39,30580.0;1967,41,6885.0;1967,44,13239.0;1967,173,22222.0;1967,172,16750.0;1967,171,11275.0;1967,34845,11270.0;1967,34979,20069.0;1967,170,11765.0;1967,163,16033.0;1967,267,27130.0;1967,128,5688.0;1967,167,9341.0;1967,161,46525.0;1967,201,9869.0;1967,65,24509.0;1967,34982,7327.0;1967,155,20111.0;1967,3,36365.0;1967,6,40216.0;1967,149,18419.0;1967,148,8687.0;1967,139,8742.0;1967,138,25895.0;1967,137,8874.0;1967,135,8000.0;1967,134,6370.0;1967,2,38797.0;1967,133,23656.0;1967,8,23918.0;1967,14,27193.0;1967,130,7399.0;1967,129,13414.0;1967,124,10176.0;1967,123,6812.0;1967,120,2710.0;1967,117,25467.0;1967,115,13333.0;1967,212,14322.0;1967,114,6053.0;1967,113,27267.0;1967,112,8401.0;1967,110,7399.0;1967,109,8624.0;1967,142,4979.0;1967,108,15000.0;1967,107,12619.0;1967,5,47906.0;1967,220,30000.0;1967,106,37272.0;1967,104,12400.0;1967,103,19091.0;1967,102,32138.0;1967,217,14167.0;1967,101,8110.0;1967,98,12010.0;1967,97,9520.0;1967,11,22404.0;1968,15,11562.0;1968,16,14124.0;1968,17,6899.0;1968,19,13500.0;1968,21,9833.0;1968,23,13650.0;1968,24,34175.0;1968,28,7580.0;1968,34978,40839.0;1968,33,10169.0;1968,34,6000.0;1968,36,23842.0;1968,37,8825.0;1968,39,24048.0;1968,41,7840.0;1968,44,14855.0;1968,173,11458.0;1968,172,17420.0;1968,171,11149.0;1968,34845,11146.0;1968,34979,22185.0;1968,170,11667.0;1968,163,10849.0;1968,267,31610.0;1968,128,5613.0;1968,167,10000.0;1968,161,48137.0;1968,201,10442.0;1968,65,25349.0;1968,34982,7389.0;1968,155,21417.0;1968,3,36641.0;1968,6,42162.0;1968,149,14284.0;1968,148,10975.0;1968,139,8799.0;1968,138,25244.0;1968,137,11028.0;1968,135,8000.0;1968,134,10247.0;1968,2,45563.0;1968,133,17148.0;1968,8,22559.0;1968,14,31390.0;1968,130,4353.0;1968,129,16251.0;1968,124,7005.0;1968,123,6503.0;1968,120,2285.0;1968,117,21000.0;1968,115,13333.0;1968,212,10060.0;1968,114,6053.0;1968,113,26317.0;1968,112,5434.0;1968,110,13214.0;1968,109,9202.0;1968,142,5763.0;1968,108,15000.0;1968,107,10661.0;1968,5,44234.0;1968,220,26875.0;1968,106,34926.0;1968,104,6667.0;1968,103,18182.0;1968,102,34051.0;1968,217,15417.0;1968,101,10727.0;1968,98,10133.0;1968,97,8300.0;1968,11,24768.0;1968,95,12425.0;1968,127,21900.0;1968,92,17209.0;1968,91,8495.0;1968,90,17371.0;1968,81,7467.0;1968,9,13401.0;1968,5396,9793.0;1968,10,43271.0;1968,7,38521.0;1968,77,6734.0;1968,71,8000.0;1968,70,11498.0;1968,68,16667.0;1968,1,35471.0;1968,64,11579.0;1968,13,19116.0;1968,63,8829.0;1968,270,13058.0;1968,238,4757.0;1968,61,12059.0;1968,34980,21685.0;1968,60,13333.0;1968,80,35798.0;1968,355,14534.0;1968,273,9922.0;1968,462,8689.0;1968,463,12789.0;1968,464,10905.0;1968,465,7425.0;1968,466,16788.0;1968,290,16342.0;1968,450,17627.0;1968,477,25739.0;1968,295,10250.0;1968,275,10845.0;1968,467,11334.0;1968,470,10413.0;1968,471,5763.0;1968,472,10878.0;1968,276,16744.0;1968,473,14116.0;1968,474,35882.0;1968,475,18051.0;1968,476,38488.0;1968,277,13896.0;1968,34981,13896.0;1968,478,26875.0;1968,318,25388.0;1968,454,9986.0;1968,34987,10479.0;1968,5398,26875.0;1968,34988,10680.0;1968,34989,11158.0;1969,95,8281.0;1969,127,23900.0;1969,92,15760.0;1969,91,8499.0;1969,90,18571.0;1969,81,7114.0;1969,9,12271.0;1969,5396,11173.0;1969,10,34542.0;1969,7,35260.0;1969,77,8218.0;1969,71,6857.0;1969,70,12292.0;1969,68,16667.0;1969,1,40383.0;1969,64,10789.0;1969,13,20580.0;1969,63,9921.0;1969,270,11516.0;1969,238,3721.0;1969,61,11190.0;1969,34980,24156.0;1969,60,22000.0;1969,80,32343.0;1969,355,14174.0;1969,273,8103.0;1969,462,8906.0;1969,463,11033.0;1969,464,8243.0;1969,465,7077.0;1969,466,17144.0;1969,290,18380.0;1969,450,19716.0;1969,477,27029.0;1969,295,12722.0;1969,275,10994.0;1969,467,10945.0;1969,470,10847.0;1969,471,4684.0;1969,472,11505.0;1969,276,15608.0;1969,473,12757.0;1969,474,37433.0;1969,475,18240.0;1969,476,36864.0;1969,277,11445.0;1969,34981,11445.0;1969,478,29000.0;1969,318,24844.0;1969,454,10192.0;1969,34987,10500.0;1969,5398,29000.0;1969,34988,11136.0;1969,34989,10301.0;1969,15,11855.0;1969,16,16389.0;1969,17,6034.0;1969,19,9430.0;1969,21,13523.0;1969,23,11118.0;1969,24,33172.0;1969,28,7964.0;1969,34978,38306.0;1969,33,10164.0;1969,34,6954.0;1969,36,22367.0;1969,37,9762.0;1969,39,24725.0;1969,41,5461.0;1969,44,18084.0;1969,173,15714.0;1969,172,16341.0;1969,171,10856.0;1969,34845,10855.0;1969,34979,21352.0;1969,170,12546.0;1969,163,12658.0;1969,267,30984.0;1969,128,5867.0;1969,167,11400.0;1969,161,43615.0;1969,201,9388.0;1969,65,24049.0;1969,34982,7453.0;1969,155,23656.0;1969,3,35809.0;1969,6,38877.0;1969,149,15986.0;1969,148,10313.0;1969,139,8295.0;1969,138,27141.0;1969,137,11688.0;1969,135,8000.0;1969,134,9100.0;1969,2,43946.0;1969,133,13820.0;1969,8,22724.0;1969,14,26454.0;1969,130,9713.0;1969,129,17282.0;1969,124,7630.0;1969,123,6271.0;1969,120,2913.0;1969,117,22167.0;1969,115,13333.0;1969,212,13801.0;1969,114,6316.0;1969,113,27649.0;1969,112,3285.0;1969,110,7499.0;1969,109,8667.0;1969,142,4684.0;1969,108,17500.0;1969,107,11196.0;1969,5,43578.0;1969,220,29000.0;1969,106,35352.0;1969,104,9816.0;1969,103,18182.0;1969,102,29026.0;1969,217,15417.0;1969,101,10744.0;1969,98,9141.0;1969,97,9327.0;1969,11,23969.0;1970,15,9563.0;1970,16,15377.0;1970,17,6245.0;1970,19,8546.0;1970,21,13294.0;1970,23,12179.0;1970,24,29445.0;1970,28,8740.0;1970,34978,38482.0;1970,33,10159.0;1970,34,7000.0;1970,36,18947.0;1970,37,9731.0;1970,39,29903.0;1970,41,5805.0;1970,44,17864.0;1970,173,15682.0;1970,172,17654.0;1970,171,11476.0;1970,34845,11475.0;1970,34979,18293.0;1970,170,11828.0;1970,163,5517.0;1970,267,29456.0;1970,128,6069.0;1970,167,5300.0;1970,161,44859.0;1970,201,10626.0;1970,65,27561.0;1970,34982,7549.0;1970,155,23322.0;1970,3,34223.0;1970,6,37264.0;1970,149,19806.0;1970,148,11003.0;1970,139,8295.0;1970,138,21370.0;1970,137,12086.0;1970,135,8001.0;1970,134,8829.0;1970,2,40234.0;1970,133,11637.0;1970,8,23412.0;1970,14,20663.0;1970,130,2430.0;1970,129,16132.0;1970,124,9042.0;1970,123,6561.0;1970,120,1735.0;1970,117,25914.0;1970,115,13333.0;1970,212,14859.0;1970,114,6316.0;1970,113,30202.0;1970,112,7190.0;1970,110,9516.0;1970,109,9202.0;1970,142,5550.0;1970,108,17500.0;1970,107,11733.0;1970,5,45457.0;1970,220,28571.0;1970,106,26482.0;1970,104,9070.0;1970,103,17273.0;1970,102,30070.0;1970,217,16667.0;1970,101,11710.0;1970,98,7333.0;1970,97,9203.0;1970,11,23211.0;1970,95,9375.0;1970,127,22600.0;1970,92,14459.0;1970,91,9000.0;1970,90,18571.0;1970,81,7233.0;1970,9,10813.0;1970,5396,9458.0;1970,78,27895.0;1970,10,36341.0;1970,7,35664.0;1970,77,4659.0;1970,71,5767.0;1970,70,11701.0;1970,68,19800.0;1970,1,41939.0;1970,64,9500.0;1970,13,20865.0;1970,63,11533.0;1970,270,14372.0;1970,238,3775.0;1970,61,9102.0;1970,34980,20687.0;1970,60,10100.0;1970,80,35326.0;1970,355,14941.0;1970,273,8703.0;1970,462,8909.0;1970,463,9013.0;1970,464,9150.0;1970,465,7207.0;1970,466,16251.0;1970,290,18706.0;1970,450,20197.0;1970,477,29499.0;1970,295,12495.0;1970,275,11129.0;1970,467,11510.0;1970,470,11106.0;1970,471,5550.0;1970,472,10379.0;1970,276,17340.0;1970,473,15177.0;1970,474,39160.0;1970,475,17695.0;1970,476,35396.0;1970,277,12414.0;1970,34981,12414.0;1970,478,28571.0;1970,318,24443.0;1970,454,8990.0;1970,34987,9426.0;1970,5398,28571.0;1970,34988,11235.0;1970,34989,10665.0;1971,95,15705.0;1971,226,14000.0;1971,127,22674.0;1971,92,22374.0;1971,91,9001.0;1971,90,13923.0;1971,81,8308.0;1971,9,14908.0;1971,5396,13426.0;1971,78,45345.0;1971,10,40534.0;1971,7,39819.0;1971,77,6759.0;1971,71,7765.0;1971,70,15485.0;1971,68,17500.0;1971,1,43890.0;1971,64,7662.0;1971,13,22829.0;1971,63,8881.0;1971,270,14497.0;1971,238,4328.0;1971,61,11386.0;1971,34980,29041.0;1971,60,10000.0;1971,80,39620.0;1971,355,16245.0;1971,273,9828.0;1971,462,9099.0;1971,463,9568.0;1971,464,10573.0;1971,465,8215.0;1971,466,16500.0;1971,290,19497.0;1971,450,21534.0;1971,477,28938.0;1971,295,11827.0;1971,275,12257.0;1971,467,12766.0;1971,470,11314.0;1971,471,6243.0;1971,472,13743.0;1971,276,18973.0;1971,473,15946.0;1971,474,41790.0;1971,475,21628.0;1971,476,40718.0;1971,277,12344.0;1971,34981,12344.0;1971,478,13333.0;1971,318,29055.0;1971,454,8196.0;1971,34987,8534.0;1971,5398,13333.0;1971,34988,11689.0;1971,34989,10593.0;1971,15,8149.0;1971,16,18735.0;1971,17,6133.0;1971,19,9130.0;1971,21,12667.0;1971,23,12057.0;1971,24,35577.0;1971,28,8880.0;1971,34978,44848.0;1971,33,10154.0;1971,34,7862.0;1971,36,25000.0;1971,37,8865.0;1971,39,30542.0;1971,41,6157.0;1971,44,18351.0;1971,173,15565.0;1971,172,18805.0;1971,171,12718.0;1971,34845,12718.0;1971,34979,22645.0;1971,170,11343.0;1971,163,11828.0;1971,267,35263.0;1971,128,6741.0;1971,167,4919.0;1971,161,48538.0;1971,201,9017.0;1971,65,30406.0;1971,34982,7691.0;1971,155,25630.0;1971,3,38614.0;1971,6,44229.0;1971,149,19926.0;1971,148,12242.0;1971,139,8526.0;1971,138,30809.0;1971,137,13066.0;1971,135,7260.0;1971,134,8672.0;1971,2,41811.0;1971,133,17663.0;1971,8,25560.0;1971,14,26476.0;1971,130,6890.0;1971,129,16947.0;1971,124,8484.0;1971,123,6093.0;1971,120,3314.0;1971,117,22167.0;1971,115,13333.0;1971,212,21088.0;1971,114,6452.0;1971,113,29810.0;1971,112,9502.0;1971,110,10908.0;1971,109,10462.0;1971,142,6243.0;1971,108,17500.0;1971,107,8466.0;1971,5,49687.0;1971,220,13333.0;1971,106,33390.0;1971,104,9063.0;1971,103,17391.0;1971,102,36068.0;1971,217,16667.0;1971,101,10833.0;1971,98,10641.0;1971,97,8823.0;1971,11,26478.0;1972,15,8457.0;1972,16,19000.0;1972,17,6701.0;1972,19,11592.0;1972,21,15911.0;1972,23,8666.0;1972,24,31461.0;1972,28,9038.0;1972,34978,44206.0;1972,33,10149.0;1972,34,8333.0;1972,36,25000.0;1972,37,4237.0;1972,39,37279.0;1972,41,5411.0;1972,44,16799.0;1972,173,17328.0;1972,172,16790.0;1972,171,13695.0;1972,34845,13695.0;1972,34979,23006.0;1972,170,11400.0;1972,163,10126.0;1972,267,33685.0;1972,128,6960.0;1972,167,4340.0;1972,161,43939.0;1972,201,9034.0;1972,65,30912.0;1972,34982,7868.0;1972,155,25862.0;1972,3,45698.0;1972,6,40380.0;1972,149,19977.0;1972,148,13695.0;1972,139,8750.0;1972,138,31090.0;1972,137,13799.0;1972,135,8312.0;1972,134,13743.0;1972,2,39773.0;1972,133,27734.0;1972,8,24330.0;1972,14,24969.0;1972,130,9452.0;1972,129,14449.0;1972,124,12610.0;1972,123,2256.0;1972,120,3790.0;1972,117,21375.0;1972,115,13333.0;1972,212,22893.0;1972,114,5556.0;1972,113,26345.0;1972,112,5404.0;1972,110,10813.0;1972,109,10000.0;1972,142,5499.0;1972,108,17500.0;1972,107,9332.0;1972,5,43111.0;1972,220,25000.0;1972,106,36461.0;1972,104,12847.0;1972,103,17391.0;1972,102,33524.0;1972,217,16667.0;1972,101,11887.0;1972,98,5466.0;1972,97,8901.0;1972,11,25135.0;1972,95,12145.0;1972,226,15000.0;1972,127,23750.0;1972,92,23939.0;1972,91,8998.0;1972,90,10060.0;1972,81,8656.0;1972,9,12718.0;1972,5396,10249.0;1972,78,30833.0;1972,10,42162.0;1972,7,42021.0;1972,77,13353.0;1972,71,10158.0;1972,70,14096.0;1972,68,23000.0;1972,1,42412.0;1972,64,9638.0;1972,13,21983.0;1972,63,10083.0;1972,270,13819.0;1972,238,4431.0;1972,61,10227.0;1972,34980,25164.0;1972,60,9900.0;1972,80,36783.0;1972,355,16046.0;1972,273,9918.0;1972,462,9041.0;1972,463,11570.0;1972,464,10634.0;1972,465,8343.0;1972,466,16537.0;1972,290,18638.0;1972,450,20371.0;1972,477,25727.0;1972,295,12397.0;1972,275,12962.0;1972,467,13638.0;1972,470,12069.0;1972,471,5499.0;1972,472,13940.0;1972,276,18864.0;1972,473,15588.0;1972,474,40711.0;1972,475,19641.0;1972,476,43226.0;1972,277,9051.0;1972,34981,9051.0;1972,478,25000.0;1972,318,29612.0;1972,454,8321.0;1972,34987,8245.0;1972,5398,25000.0;1972,34988,12587.0;1972,34989,10961.0;1973,95,12061.0;1973,226,17000.0;1973,127,23080.0;1973,92,23269.0;1973,91,7212.0;1973,90,20446.0;1973,81,9240.0;1973,9,12584.0;1973,5396,14601.0;1973,78,29384.0;1973,10,45176.0;1973,7,37852.0;1973,77,4021.0;1973,71,9368.0;1973,70,11908.0;1973,68,23000.0;1973,1,43654.0;1973,64,15351.0;1973,13,21248.0;1973,63,10482.0;1973,270,16340.0;1973,238,4599.0;1973,61,11071.0;1973,34980,27996.0;1973,60,10000.0;1973,80,38874.0;1973,355,16836.0;1973,273,9402.0;1973,462,9669.0;1973,463,10633.0;1973,464,9453.0;1973,465,9089.0;1973,466,13655.0;1973,290,19134.0;1973,450,19919.0;1973,477,31958.0;1973,295,14337.0;1973,275,12162.0;1973,467,13344.0;1973,470,11797.0;1973,471,5479.0;1973,472,10500.0;1973,276,20696.0;1973,473,17890.0;1973,474,41796.0;1973,475,20296.0;1973,476,44356.0;1973,277,13652.0;1973,34981,13652.0;1973,478,33500.0;1973,318,30911.0;1973,454,10740.0;1973,34987,11646.0;1973,5398,33500.0;1973,34988,12020.0;1973,34989,11882.0;1973,15,11739.0;1973,16,20097.0;1973,17,4934.0;1973,19,8867.0;1973,21,16574.0;1973,23,13396.0;1973,24,35268.0;1973,28,7572.0;1973,34978,49497.0;1973,33,10145.0;1973,34,8278.0;1973,36,20680.0;1973,37,11044.0;1973,39,34886.0;1973,41,7069.0;1973,44,16876.0;1973,173,23333.0;1973,172,13988.0;1973,171,13337.0;1973,34845,13337.0;1973,34979,23860.0;1973,170,12814.0;1973,163,482.0;1973,267,37769.0;1973,128,8522.0;1973,167,4961.0;1973,161,44129.0;1973,201,9717.0;1973,65,36926.0;1973,34982,8000.0;1973,155,24614.0;1973,3,45067.0;1973,6,43477.0;1973,149,19905.0;1973,148,16853.0;1973,139,8750.0;1973,138,34793.0;1973,137,12708.0;1973,135,8084.0;1973,134,8279.0;1973,2,39143.0;1973,133,24004.0;1973,8,24543.0;1973,14,27009.0;1973,130,4447.0;1973,129,13628.0;1973,124,11000.0;1973,123,4800.0;1973,120,4520.0;1973,117,20167.0;1973,115,13333.0;1973,212,23004.0;1973,114,5000.0;1973,113,32646.0;1973,112,11062.0;1973,110,7718.0;1973,109,13333.0;1973,142,5479.0;1973,108,17500.0;1973,107,12045.0;1973,5,52552.0;1973,220,33500.0;1973,106,34922.0;1973,104,9358.0;1973,103,14286.0;1973,102,38221.0;1973,217,16667.0;1973,101,12465.0;1973,98,11330.0;1973,97,9011.0;1973,11,29599.0;1974,15,12074.0;1974,16,20625.0;1974,17,4957.0;1974,19,13065.0;1974,21,14103.0;1974,23,13671.0;1974,24,40938.0;1974,28,8987.0;1974,34978,54311.0;1974,33,10141.0;1974,34,8489.0;1974,36,20370.0;1974,37,11568.0;1974,39,33563.0;1974,41,5212.0;1974,44,14884.0;1974,173,36000.0;1974,172,16445.0;1974,171,15116.0;1974,34845,15116.0;1974,34979,24276.0;1974,170,13038.0;1974,163,11100.0;1974,267,39942.0;1974,128,9714.0;1974,167,6296.0;1974,161,53502.0;1974,201,9774.0;1974,65,32686.0;1974,34982,8000.0;1974,155,27307.0;1974,3,45844.0;1974,6,46257.0;1974,149,23504.0;1974,148,11764.0;1974,139,8333.0;1974,138,37520.0;1974,137,11719.0;1974,135,7977.0;1974,134,8198.0;1974,2,42967.0;1974,133,24545.0;1974,8,25797.0;1974,14,27983.0;1974,130,9930.0;1974,129,16413.0;1974,124,14529.0;1974,123,7442.0;1974,120,2915.0;1974,117,20923.0;1974,115,13333.0;1974,212,18388.0;1974,114,5000.0;1974,113,36022.0;1974,112,8203.0;1974,110,9666.0;1974,109,10000.0;1974,142,4555.0;1974,108,20000.0;1974,107,11258.0;1974,5,57334.0;1974,220,32500.0;1974,106,31830.0;1974,104,10185.0;1974,103,15000.0;1974,102,43806.0;1974,217,16667.0;1974,101,12480.0;1974,98,11632.0;1974,97,9241.0;1974,11,32007.0;1974,95,11763.0;1974,226,13333.0;1974,127,20341.0;1974,92,20890.0;1974,91,8200.0;1974,90,18423.0;1974,81,8558.0;1974,9,14330.0;1974,5396,13352.0;1974,78,29378.0;1974,10,53041.0;1974,7,46371.0;1974,77,10603.0;1974,71,9021.0;1974,70,12579.0;1974,68,20000.0;1974,1,49712.0;1974,64,17826.0;1974,13,18333.0;1974,63,12253.0;1974,270,13218.0;1974,238,3981.0;1974,61,11195.0;1974,34980,34091.0;1974,60,29517.0;1974,80,36311.0;1974,355,16155.0;1974,273,9711.0;1974,462,10078.0;1974,463,13522.0;1974,464,10012.0;1974,465,8522.0;1974,466,14137.0;1974,290,17008.0;1974,450,17462.0;1974,477,34714.0;1974,295,13210.0;1974,275,12759.0;1974,467,15065.0;1974,470,11206.0;1974,471,4555.0;1974,472,11855.0;1974,276,19479.0;1974,473,15296.0;1974,474,47788.0;1974,475,22829.0;1974,476,46244.0;1974,277,13817.0;1974,34981,13817.0;1974,478,32500.0;1974,318,32677.0;1974,454,10984.0;1974,34987,11631.0;1974,5398,32500.0;1974,34988,11764.0;1974,34989,12134.0;1975,95,13037.0;1975,226,8000.0;1975,127,22176.0;1975,92,20729.0;1975,91,8424.0;1975,90,21262.0;1975,81,9744.0;1975,9,16169.0;1975,5396,10835.0;1975,78,14684.0;1975,10,48313.0;1975,7,39593.0;1975,77,9160.0;1975,71,9842.0;1975,70,15931.0;1975,68,23333.0;1975,1,43344.0;1975,64,12321.0;1975,13,20582.0;1975,63,9999.0;1975,270,10043.0;1975,238,3669.0;1975,61,12300.0;1975,34980,27271.0;1975,60,30481.0;1975,80,38541.0;1975,355,15701.0;1975,273,11004.0;1975,462,10963.0;1975,463,10859.0;1975,464,11419.0;1975,465,9705.0;1975,466,15447.0;1975,290,18697.0;1975,450,19936.0;1975,477,34793.0;1975,295,12526.0;1975,275,14195.0;1975,467,16368.0;1975,470,12455.0;1975,471,7452.0;1975,472,13887.0;1975,276,15951.0;1975,473,12016.0;1975,474,42684.0;1975,475,22645.0;1975,476,40228.0;1975,277,14121.0;1975,34981,14121.0;1975,478,30000.0;1975,318,30322.0;1975,454,11193.0;1975,34987,12077.0;1975,5398,30000.0;1975,34988,12851.0;1975,34989,12674.0;1975,15,12128.0;1975,16,19375.0;1975,17,8313.0;1975,19,10000.0;1975,21,16260.0;1975,23,14006.0;1975,24,35063.0;1975,28,9260.0;1975,34978,38018.0;1975,33,10137.0;1975,34,8034.0;1975,36,20370.0;1975,37,6100.0;1975,39,32852.0;1975,41,6466.0;1975,44,18020.0;1975,173,35714.0;1975,172,14618.0;1975,171,16397.0;1975,34845,16397.0;1975,34979,23991.0;1975,170,12924.0;1975,163,12151.0;1975,267,35735.0;1975,128,11158.0;1975,167,6481.0;1975,161,51017.0;1975,201,9205.0;1975,65,34722.0;1975,34982,9135.0;1975,155,28405.0;1975,3,38734.0;1975,6,43188.0;1975,149,22919.0;1975,148,11757.0;1975,139,8333.0;1975,138,32036.0;1975,137,13384.0;1975,135,9189.0;1975,134,6006.0;1975,2,43746.0;1975,133,23285.0;1975,8,26746.0;1975,14,26864.0;1975,130,4220.0;1975,129,15198.0;1975,124,12500.0;1975,123,8225.0;1975,120,3747.0;1975,117,21167.0;1975,115,13333.0;1975,212,22026.0;1975,114,4839.0;1975,113,35956.0;1975,112,11573.0;1975,110,9312.0;1975,109,10000.0;1975,142,7452.0;1975,108,20000.0;1975,107,11375.0;1975,5,49358.0;1975,220,30000.0;1975,106,31198.0;1975,104,12857.0;1975,103,16364.0;1975,102,33124.0;1975,217,16667.0;1975,101,13202.0;1975,98,7092.0;1975,97,9453.0;1975,11,28264.0;1976,15,12494.0;1976,16,25526.0;1976,17,7101.0;1976,19,10000.0;1976,21,17045.0;1976,23,13175.0;1976,24,42634.0;1976,28,14535.0;1976,34978,44325.0;1976,33,10133.0;1976,34,8639.0;1976,36,21111.0;1976,37,9084.0;1976,39,38240.0;1976,41,7624.0;1976,43,4933.0;1976,44,20963.0;1976,173,19048.0;1976,172,12421.0;1976,171,17754.0;1976,34845,17754.0;1976,34979,24382.0;1976,170,13811.0;1976,163,12010.0;1976,267,37672.0;1976,128,12000.0;1976,167,6667.0;1976,161,46837.0;1976,201,8500.0;1976,65,33447.0;1976,34982,9920.0;1976,155,29772.0;1976,3,37722.0;1976,6,39344.0;1976,149,25521.0;1976,148,13055.0;1976,139,8333.0;1976,138,38845.0;1976,137,14103.0;1976,135,10494.0;1976,134,8687.0;1976,2,39695.0;1976,133,18989.0;1976,8,25694.0;1976,14,24961.0;1976,130,4867.0;1976,129,16731.0;1976,124,10811.0;1976,123,7990.0;1976,120,4488.0;1976,118,14943.0;1976,117,20886.0;1976,115,13333.0;1976,212,27782.0;1976,114,5952.0;1976,113,37615.0;1976,112,8642.0;1976,110,11391.0;1976,109,6000.0;1976,142,6526.0;1976,108,20000.0;1976,107,11778.0;1976,5,54374.0;1976,220,20000.0;1976,106,37418.0;1976,104,11111.0;1976,103,18000.0;1976,102,32410.0;1976,217,16667.0;1976,101,14222.0;1976,98,12087.0;1976,97,9520.0;1976,11,31355.0;1976,95,12921.0;1976,226,9333.0;1976,127,22227.0;1976,92,28087.0;1976,91,8351.0;1976,90,12548.0;1976,81,11475.0;1976,9,16003.0;1976,5396,9021.0;1976,78,20421.0;1976,10,44668.0;1976,7,43917.0;1976,77,11257.0;1976,71,8100.0;1976,70,17859.0;1976,68,24121.0;1976,1,38505.0;1976,64,13061.0;1976,13,20375.0;1976,63,9938.0;1976,270,15309.0;1976,238,4052.0;1976,61,11770.0;1976,34980,34697.0;1976,60,49350.0;1976,80,42441.0;1976,355,17911.0;1976,273,11177.0;1976,462,12645.0;1976,463,10300.0;1976,464,10929.0;1976,465,11382.0;1976,466,16576.0;1976,290,19324.0;1976,450,20540.0;1976,477,36629.0;1976,295,13883.0;1976,275,15385.0;1976,467,17662.0;1976,470,13404.0;1976,471,6526.0;1976,472,15741.0;1976,276,20484.0;1976,473,17402.0;1976,474,39243.0;1976,475,23796.0;1976,476,38999.0;1976,277,13453.0;1976,34981,13453.0;1976,478,20000.0;1976,318,31412.0;1976,454,11686.0;1976,34987,12180.0;1976,5398,20000.0;1976,34988,13744.0;1976,34989,13257.0;1977,95,8735.0;1977,226,12857.0;1977,127,16844.0;1977,92,28356.0;1977,91,8560.0;1977,90,17404.0;1977,81,10279.0;1977,9,14969.0;1977,5396,10868.0;1977,78,32500.0;1977,10,40702.0;1977,7,36212.0;1977,77,7968.0;1977,71,7870.0;1977,70,17854.0;1977,68,20658.0;1977,72,11667.0;1977,1,49006.0;1977,64,19298.0;1977,13,20629.0;1977,63,5390.0;1977,270,13972.0;1977,238,3955.0;1977,61,11135.0;1977,34980,34889.0;1977,60,33590.0;1977,80,38975.0;1977,355,16724.0;1977,273,9269.0;1977,462,13464.0;1977,463,7618.0;1977,464,8350.0;1977,465,10386.0;1977,466,18473.0;1977,290,18834.0;1977,450,20357.0;1977,477,33304.0;1977,295,10958.0;1977,275,14120.0;1977,467,14619.0;1977,470,13180.0;1977,471,8783.0;1977,472,15734.0;1977,276,19432.0;1977,473,16131.0;1977,474,45518.0;1977,475,21586.0;1977,476,42589.0;1977,277,9675.0;1977,34981,9675.0;1977,478,20000.0;1977,318,32396.0;1977,454,11371.0;1977,34987,11256.0;1977,5398,20000.0;1977,34988,13430.0;1977,34989,12405.0;1977,15,11309.0;1977,16,24500.0;1977,17,4337.0;1977,19,7692.0;1977,21,13612.0;1977,23,9413.0;1977,24,37588.0;1977,28,16211.0;1977,34978,41044.0;1977,33,10000.0;1977,34,6530.0;1977,36,20000.0;1977,37,6552.0;1977,39,37177.0;1977,41,8000.0;1977,43,3140.0;1977,44,19632.0;1977,173,13333.0;1977,172,19416.0;1977,171,14650.0;1977,34845,14650.0;1977,34979,23065.0;1977,170,8750.0;1977,163,8521.0;1977,267,40706.0;1977,128,13529.0;1977,167,6364.0;1977,161,52207.0;1977,201,9731.0;1977,65,33320.0;1977,34982,11036.0;1977,155,23148.0;1977,3,42303.0;1977,6,43553.0;1977,149,18813.0;1977,148,12445.0;1977,139,8333.0;1977,138,40566.0;1977,137,13866.0;1977,135,10122.0;1977,134,8112.0;1977,2,51653.0;1977,133,21178.0;1977,8,22308.0;1977,14,27488.0;1977,130,4941.0;1977,129,14847.0;1977,124,11111.0;1977,123,14728.0;1977,120,2384.0;1977,118,14907.0;1977,117,20350.0;1977,115,13333.0;1977,212,34437.0;1977,114,7500.0;1977,113,34644.0;1977,112,9060.0;1977,110,6345.0;1977,109,4000.0;1977,142,8783.0;1977,108,20000.0;1977,107,10390.0;1977,5,52304.0;1977,220,20000.0;1977,106,36788.0;1977,104,15833.0;1977,103,20000.0;1977,102,37165.0;1977,217,8333.0;1977,101,14310.0;1977,98,9813.0;1977,97,10023.0;1977,11,28946.0;1978,15,11980.0;1978,16,24500.0;1978,17,5809.0;1978,19,5882.0;1978,21,17396.0;1978,23,17651.0;1978,24,41771.0;1978,28,18419.0;1978,34978,52535.0;1978,33,10000.0;1978,34,6456.0;1978,36,20000.0;1978,37,9572.0;1978,39,37080.0;1978,41,5484.0;1978,43,5000.0;1978,44,19987.0;1978,173,16667.0;1978,172,15401.0;1978,171,18449.0;1978,34845,18449.0;1978,34979,20808.0;1978,170,12694.0;1978,163,12657.0;1978,267,44097.0;1978,128,13059.0;1978,167,6667.0;1978,161,52705.0;1978,201,10754.0;1978,65,33344.0;1978,34982,8704.0;1978,155,20813.0;1978,3,50323.0;1978,6,48869.0;1978,149,27213.0;1978,148,11377.0;1978,139,10000.0;1978,138,42871.0;1978,137,14798.0;1978,135,10401.0;1978,134,6083.0;1978,2,51202.0;1978,133,19209.0;1978,8,26470.0;1978,14,32741.0;1978,130,3962.0;1978,129,14716.0;1978,124,10000.0;1978,123,13590.0;1978,120,3730.0;1978,118,16154.0;1978,117,25000.0;1978,115,13333.0;1978,212,28062.0;1978,114,5294.0;1978,113,36663.0;1978,112,6723.0;1978,110,10701.0;1978,109,6000.0;1978,142,10256.0;1978,108,20000.0;1978,107,11199.0;1978,5,65665.0;1978,220,22222.0;1978,106,36134.0;1978,104,23039.0;1978,103,20000.0;1978,102,38915.0;1978,217,4583.0;1978,101,13156.0;1978,98,12000.0;1978,97,10076.0;1978,11,32551.0;1978,95,7084.0;1978,226,21875.0;1978,127,20891.0;1978,92,26712.0;1978,91,6916.0;1978,90,20017.0;1978,81,8929.0;1978,9,17464.0;1978,5396,12610.0;1978,78,32500.0;1978,10,44891.0;1978,7,45892.0;1978,77,10613.0;1978,71,7928.0;1978,70,18034.0;1978,68,21061.0;1978,72,14667.0;1978,1,52526.0;1978,64,13462.0;1978,13,21136.0;1978,63,7952.0;1978,270,18053.0;1978,238,3809.0;1978,61,7867.0;1978,34980,31217.0;1978,60,33381.0;1978,80,44988.0;1978,355,19328.0;1978,273,10459.0;1978,462,12312.0;1978,463,7153.0;1978,464,10701.0;1978,465,9040.0;1978,466,19036.0;1978,290,19716.0;1978,450,20773.0;1978,477,35000.0;1978,295,14263.0;1978,275,15712.0;1978,467,18326.0;1978,470,13646.0;1978,471,10256.0;1978,472,15503.0;1978,276,23351.0;1978,473,19901.0;1978,474,49190.0;1978,475,24020.0;1978,476,49777.0;1978,277,17813.0;1978,34981,17813.0;1978,478,22222.0;1978,318,36047.0;1978,454,11726.0;1978,34987,11584.0;1978,5398,22222.0;1978,34988,13981.0;1978,34989,12651.0;1979,95,8829.0;1979,226,21818.0;1979,127,32070.0;1979,92,21701.0;1979,91,7532.0;1979,90,20907.0;1979,81,10967.0;1979,9,16003.0;1979,5396,6843.0;1979,78,32500.0;1979,10,41256.0;1979,7,49140.0;1979,77,9134.0;1979,71,6641.0;1979,70,18730.0;1979,68,16667.0;1979,72,22429.0;1979,1,52292.0;1979,64,15963.0;1979,13,22980.0;1979,63,13623.0;1979,270,14721.0;1979,238,3739.0;1979,61,10864.0;1979,34980,29601.0;1979,60,31086.0;1979,80,43931.0;1979,355,18522.0;1979,273,10458.0;1979,462,13059.0;1979,463,7473.0;1979,464,9946.0;1979,465,10949.0;1979,466,19672.0;1979,290,19549.0;1979,450,21028.0;1979,477,37730.0;1979,295,13074.0;1979,275,17383.0;1979,467,21230.0;1979,470,14695.0;1979,471,5037.0;1979,472,16277.0;1979,276,20396.0;1979,473,16192.0;1979,474,49072.0;1979,475,23026.0;1979,476,47526.0;1979,277,14665.0;1979,34981,14665.0;1979,478,12069.0;1979,318,33803.0;1979,454,11778.0;1979,34987,11538.0;1979,5398,12069.0;1979,34988,14887.0;1979,34989,13331.0;1979,15,12317.0;1979,16,24900.0;1979,17,5553.0;1979,19,5333.0;1979,21,16934.0;1979,23,14515.0;1979,24,31457.0;1979,28,18660.0;1979,34978,51304.0;1979,33,10000.0;1979,34,6909.0;1979,36,20000.0;1979,37,7641.0;1979,39,35034.0;1979,41,7667.0;1979,43,8667.0;1979,44,16341.0;1979,173,20000.0;1979,172,17755.0;1979,171,21395.0;1979,34845,21395.0;1979,34979,25803.0;1979,170,13649.0;1979,163,11616.0;1979,267,34228.0;1979,128,13529.0;1979,167,5918.0;1979,161,51616.0;1979,201,10290.0;1979,65,31606.0;1979,34982,9611.0;1979,155,21029.0;1979,3,47820.0;1979,6,47776.0;1979,149,24301.0;1979,148,15715.0;1979,139,7778.0;1979,138,32667.0;1979,137,15683.0;1979,135,11258.0;1979,134,6354.0;1979,2,51591.0;1979,133,15564.0;1979,8,26013.0;1979,14,36329.0;1979,130,1664.0;1979,129,17715.0;1979,124,8889.0;1979,123,9525.0;1979,120,4167.0;1979,118,17927.0;1979,117,12500.0;1979,115,13333.0;1979,212,27262.0;1979,114,5000.0;1979,113,39138.0;1979,112,5674.0;1979,110,10843.0;1979,109,6308.0;1979,142,5037.0;1979,108,25000.0;1979,107,11658.0;1979,5,59382.0;1979,220,12069.0;1979,106,33851.0;1979,104,10889.0;1979,103,22000.0;1979,102,40140.0;1979,217,4967.0;1979,101,14879.0;1979,98,12394.0;1979,97,10606.0;1979,11,27032.0;1980,15,12549.0;1980,16,25198.0;1980,17,7297.0;1980,19,5833.0;1980,21,15596.0;1980,23,9622.0;1980,24,44673.0;1980,28,18990.0;1980,34978,46131.0;1980,33,10000.0;1980,34,5992.0;1980,36,20000.0;1980,37,8653.0;1980,39,39750.0;1980,41,6656.0;1980,43,7931.0;1980,44,17212.0;1980,173,20000.0;1980,172,17701.0;1980,171,18914.0;1980,34845,18914.0;1980,34979,24969.0;1980,170,12152.0;1980,163,13713.0;1980,267,45311.0;1980,128,11647.0;1980,167,6078.0;1980,161,46842.0;1980,201,9693.0;1980,65,31175.0;1980,34982,10023.0;1980,155,28697.0;1980,3,51810.0;1980,6,47389.0;1980,149,29348.0;1980,148,14615.0;1980,139,7778.0;1980,138,47643.0;1980,137,14356.0;1980,135,9825.0;1980,134,7101.0;1980,2,51321.0;1980,133,25935.0;1980,8,26865.0;1980,14,30497.0;1980,130,10027.0;1980,129,21567.0;1980,124,13333.0;1980,123,9738.0;1980,120,5165.0;1980,118,16150.0;1980,117,12500.0;1980,115,13333.0;1980,212,34872.0;1980,114,5250.0;1980,113,38476.0;1980,112,5632.0;1980,110,10562.0;1980,109,10000.0;1980,142,11064.0;1980,108,25000.0;1980,107,11993.0;1980,5,62021.0;1980,220,10638.0;1980,106,35574.0;1980,104,10000.0;1980,103,24000.0;1980,102,41879.0;1980,217,5000.0;1980,101,15680.0;1980,98,17008.0;1980,97,9394.0;1980,11,25957.0;1980,95,12205.0;1980,226,23519.0;1980,127,32997.0;1980,92,27909.0;1980,91,7059.0;1980,90,21083.0;1980,81,9047.0;1980,9,22379.0;1980,5396,12112.0;1980,78,32500.0;1980,10,41455.0;1980,7,43628.0;1980,77,15360.0;1980,71,10188.0;1980,70,18484.0;1980,68,21250.0;1980,72,24096.0;1980,1,58782.0;1980,64,14063.0;1980,13,22513.0;1980,63,13485.0;1980,270,15053.0;1980,238,4009.0;1980,61,10000.0;1980,34980,33582.0;1980,60,40688.0;1980,80,49722.0;1980,355,18554.0;1980,273,10988.0;1980,462,13974.0;1980,463,8003.0;1980,464,11132.0;1980,465,9073.0;1980,466,21093.0;1980,290,19810.0;1980,450,21027.0;1980,477,37199.0;1980,295,13153.0;1980,275,16122.0;1980,467,18800.0;1980,470,13818.0;1980,471,11064.0;1980,472,16747.0;1980,276,21891.0;1980,473,17204.0;1980,474,53421.0;1980,475,26329.0;1980,476,50137.0;1980,277,9818.0;1980,34981,9818.0;1980,478,10638.0;1980,318,37911.0;1980,454,12745.0;1980,34987,11884.0;1980,5398,10638.0;1980,34988,14549.0;1980,34989,14248.0;1981,95,9276.0;1981,226,23214.0;1981,127,29011.0;1981,92,25014.0;1981,91,7713.0;1981,90,25473.0;1981,81,13002.0;1981,9,12934.0;1981,5396,11875.0;1981,78,32500.0;1981,10,47707.0;1981,7,47030.0;1981,77,16629.0;1981,71,12299.0;1981,70,18357.0;1981,68,20000.0;1981,72,20187.0;1981,1,58417.0;1981,64,18627.0;1981,13,23229.0;1981,63,13107.0;1981,270,12947.0;1981,238,3992.0;1981,61,11074.0;1981,34980,30808.0;1981,60,32875.0;1981,80,49808.0;1981,355,18800.0;1981,273,11340.0;1981,462,14872.0;1981,463,8269.0;1981,464,10234.0;1981,465,12966.0;1981,466,21978.0;1981,290,21095.0;1981,450,22327.0;1981,477,36412.0;1981,295,13395.0;1981,275,17416.0;1981,467,20917.0;1981,470,14923.0;1981,471,11100.0;1981,472,17012.0;1981,276,19995.0;1981,473,15078.0;1981,474,55007.0;1981,475,22803.0;1981,476,49594.0;1981,277,13944.0;1981,34981,13944.0;1981,478,13978.0;1981,318,36620.0;1981,454,13027.0;1981,34987,11914.0;1981,5398,13978.0;1981,34988,16021.0;1981,34989,14365.0;1981,15,12350.0;1981,16,25321.0;1981,17,6720.0;1981,19,6316.0;1981,21,14014.0;1981,23,13765.0;1981,24,37370.0;1981,28,18479.0;1981,34978,53490.0;1981,33,10941.0;1981,34,6943.0;1981,36,20000.0;1981,37,11508.0;1981,39,43035.0;1981,41,6305.0;1981,43,7931.0;1981,44,19959.0;1981,173,18667.0;1981,172,15873.0;1981,171,21091.0;1981,34845,21091.0;1981,34979,26595.0;1981,170,15974.0;1981,163,12268.0;1981,267,39918.0;1981,128,13412.0;1981,167,5962.0;1981,161,55580.0;1981,201,11141.0;1981,65,32974.0;1981,34982,11105.0;1981,155,21840.0;1981,3,50110.0;1981,6,48797.0;1981,149,27556.0;1981,148,17556.0;1981,139,6364.0;1981,138,40098.0;1981,137,16299.0;1981,135,9017.0;1981,134,7564.0;1981,2,58012.0;1981,133,20695.0;1981,8,27098.0;1981,14,26176.0;1981,130,5105.0;1981,129,21461.0;1981,124,12941.0;1981,123,8525.0;1981,120,5707.0;1981,118,16484.0;1981,117,9556.0;1981,115,13333.0;1981,212,39104.0;1981,114,6667.0;1981,113,37141.0;1981,112,7213.0;1981,110,5416.0;1981,109,18182.0;1981,142,11100.0;1981,108,28571.0;1981,107,12180.0;1981,5,67008.0;1981,220,13978.0;1981,106,40092.0;1981,104,10000.0;1981,103,26000.0;1981,102,45652.0;1981,217,11887.0;1981,101,16431.0;1981,98,12377.0;1981,97,10225.0;1981,11,29648.0;1982,15,12299.0;1982,16,26886.0;1982,17,5965.0;1982,19,6250.0;1982,21,20501.0;1982,23,7705.0;1982,24,42767.0;1982,28,18114.0;1982,34978,58091.0;1982,33,10526.0;1982,34,6845.0;1982,36,20000.0;1982,37,6460.0;1982,39,46368.0;1982,41,6000.0;1982,43,14706.0;1982,44,21336.0;1982,173,16333.0;1982,172,17394.0;1982,171,24517.0;1982,34845,24517.0;1982,34979,22956.0;1982,170,15607.0;1982,163,11978.0;1982,267,43122.0;1982,128,14235.0;1982,167,5926.0;1982,161,66730.0;1982,201,11658.0;1982,65,34962.0;1982,34982,10317.0;1982,155,30469.0;1982,3,52360.0;1982,6,52433.0;1982,149,28778.0;1982,148,16413.0;1982,139,6364.0;1982,138,43999.0;1982,137,16913.0;1982,135,10756.0;1982,134,8260.0;1982,2,70053.0;1982,133,16408.0;1982,8,26959.0;1982,14,32564.0;1982,130,5124.0;1982,129,20833.0;1982,124,12778.0;1982,123,6053.0;1982,120,7769.0;1982,118,15000.0;1982,117,10000.0;1982,115,10000.0;1982,212,43315.0;1982,114,6889.0;1982,113,43563.0;1982,112,10211.0;1982,110,12952.0;1982,109,16000.0;1982,142,13341.0;1982,108,31250.0;1982,107,13152.0;1982,5,73896.0;1982,220,16246.0;1982,106,40843.0;1982,104,10476.0;1982,103,26000.0;1982,102,45288.0;1982,217,37781.0;1982,101,15651.0;1982,98,13157.0;1982,97,10597.0;1982,11,30734.0;1982,95,12004.0;1982,226,32278.0;1982,127,33482.0;1982,92,28399.0;1982,91,9108.0;1982,90,27588.0;1982,81,12141.0;1982,9,16568.0;1982,5396,10275.0;1982,78,32500.0;1982,10,52611.0;1982,7,49157.0;1982,77,12734.0;1982,71,12829.0;1982,70,19424.0;1982,68,20000.0;1982,72,20000.0;1982,1,62057.0;1982,64,12789.0;1982,13,23859.0;1982,63,15231.0;1982,270,13925.0;1982,238,3731.0;1982,61,11481.0;1982,34980,33489.0;1982,60,38189.0;1982,80,51335.0;1982,355,19992.0;1982,273,12750.0;1982,462,13580.0;1982,463,8229.0;1982,464,12860.0;1982,465,12083.0;1982,466,21359.0;1982,290,22167.0;1982,450,23142.0;1982,477,42750.0;1982,295,16414.0;1982,275,18974.0;1982,467,24342.0;1982,470,15427.0;1982,471,13341.0;1982,472,17531.0;1982,276,21859.0;1982,473,16422.0;1982,474,59425.0;1982,475,24679.0;1982,476,52486.0;1982,277,7909.0;1982,34981,7909.0;1982,478,16246.0;1982,318,39421.0;1982,454,12715.0;1982,34987,12422.0;1982,5398,16246.0;1982,34988,16078.0;1982,34989,14952.0;1983,95,9868.0;1983,226,26780.0;1983,127,42213.0;1983,92,22160.0;1983,91,8462.0;1983,90,33358.0;1983,81,9808.0;1983,9,16392.0;1983,5396,18621.0;1983,78,32500.0;1983,10,51286.0;1983,7,48924.0;1983,77,12493.0;1983,71,6645.0;1983,70,17755.0;1983,68,24000.0;1983,72,14178.0;1983,1,63717.0;1983,64,15540.0;1983,13,26509.0;1983,63,16565.0;1983,270,14511.0;1983,238,3797.0;1983,61,6991.0;1983,34980,34338.0;1983,60,35926.0;1983,80,57665.0;1983,355,21258.0;1983,273,11231.0;1983,462,15049.0;1983,463,7664.0;1983,464,11067.0;1983,465,9752.0;1983,466,16788.0;1983,290,22805.0;1983,450,23965.0;1983,477,39644.0;1983,295,16796.0;1983,275,20534.0;1983,467,27809.0;1983,470,16368.0;1983,471,12630.0;1983,472,16448.0;1983,276,22760.0;1983,473,17038.0;1983,474,60075.0;1983,475,23734.0;1983,476,51637.0;1983,277,17164.0;1983,34981,17165.0;1983,478,8247.0;1983,318,38033.0;1983,454,13850.0;1983,34987,13097.0;1983,5398,8247.0;1983,34988,17250.0;1983,34989,15126.0;1983,15,12580.0;1983,16,30879.0;1983,17,5635.0;1983,19,6250.0;1983,21,18405.0;1983,23,17026.0;1983,24,45300.0;1983,28,21090.0;1983,34978,52262.0;1983,33,11000.0;1983,34,6045.0;1983,36,20000.0;1983,37,11903.0;1983,39,31993.0;1983,41,6000.0;1983,43,17778.0;1983,44,19345.0;1983,173,9091.0;1983,172,16314.0;1983,171,28017.0;1983,34845,28017.0;1983,34979,12682.0;1983,170,16803.0;1983,163,11934.0;1983,267,48926.0;1983,128,14588.0;1983,167,6071.0;1983,161,64004.0;1983,201,10450.0;1983,65,35996.0;1983,34982,12838.0;1983,155,34430.0;1983,3,51274.0;1983,6,52084.0;1983,149,20925.0;1983,148,20976.0;1983,139,5909.0;1983,138,44173.0;1983,137,18158.0;1983,135,9858.0;1983,134,7059.0;1983,2,65593.0;1983,133,32648.0;1983,8,26155.0;1983,14,30310.0;1983,130,9109.0;1983,129,21083.0;1983,124,11111.0;1983,123,5106.0;1983,120,8457.0;1983,118,15000.0;1983,117,3329.0;1983,115,10000.0;1983,212,39702.0;1983,114,6957.0;1983,113,40410.0;1983,112,14579.0;1983,110,9971.0;1983,109,15000.0;1983,142,12630.0;1983,108,30000.0;1983,107,13572.0;1983,5,70368.0;1983,220,8247.0;1983,106,42431.0;1983,104,11905.0;1983,103,18571.0;1983,102,42345.0;1983,217,37781.0;1983,101,16781.0;1983,98,12016.0;1983,97,9474.0;1983,11,33598.0;1984,15,12319.0;1984,16,31579.0;1984,17,5730.0;1984,19,6250.0;1984,21,23068.0;1984,23,15455.0;1984,24,47632.0;1984,28,23021.0;1984,34978,68436.0;1984,33,11366.0;1984,34,7936.0;1984,36,20000.0;1984,37,11387.0;1984,39,42931.0;1984,41,8889.0;1984,43,10000.0;1984,44,16099.0;1984,173,6003.0;1984,172,20968.0;1984,171,29691.0;1984,34845,29691.0;1984,34979,23206.0;1984,170,13823.0;1984,163,14950.0;1984,267,51362.0;1984,128,15529.0;1984,167,5965.0;1984,161,73230.0;1984,201,10275.0;1984,65,36668.0;1984,34982,10646.0;1984,155,31058.0;1984,3,64597.0;1984,6,59331.0;1984,149,26713.0;1984,148,28168.0;1984,139,5909.0;1984,138,54330.0;1984,137,18432.0;1984,135,10820.0;1984,134,9558.0;1984,2,77878.0;1984,133,15052.0;1984,8,30720.0;1984,14,31932.0;1984,130,7740.0;1984,129,13770.0;1984,124,12000.0;1984,123,5803.0;1984,120,7145.0;1984,118,15000.0;1984,117,8303.0;1984,115,10000.0;1984,212,36496.0;1984,114,10000.0;1984,113,43577.0;1984,112,9992.0;1984,110,10720.0;1984,109,15000.0;1984,142,15942.0;1984,108,29167.0;1984,107,13433.0;1984,5,78854.0;1984,220,7327.0;1984,106,45800.0;1984,104,19106.0;1984,103,16875.0;1984,102,51033.0;1984,217,37781.0;1984,101,14819.0;1984,98,12004.0;1984,97,10300.0;1984,11,35220.0;1984,95,15952.0;1984,226,27031.0;1984,127,26887.0;1984,92,31305.0;1984,91,8370.0;1984,90,34687.0;1984,81,12080.0;1984,9,26249.0;1984,5396,11156.0;1984,78,32500.0;1984,10,56337.0;1984,7,62623.0;1984,77,9643.0;1984,71,7904.0;1984,70,19187.0;1984,68,17500.0;1984,72,16134.0;1984,1,77205.0;1984,64,15958.0;1984,13,26073.0;1984,63,15436.0;1984,270,12722.0;1984,238,3670.0;1984,61,7646.0;1984,34980,38374.0;1984,60,37883.0;1984,80,58611.0;1984,355,22201.0;1984,273,11438.0;1984,462,12441.0;1984,463,6162.0;1984,464,11054.0;1984,465,12003.0;1984,466,16695.0;1984,290,22739.0;1984,450,22811.0;1984,477,43073.0;1984,295,19917.0;1984,275,21447.0;1984,467,29369.0;1984,470,16432.0;1984,471,15942.0;1984,472,18202.0;1984,276,24773.0;1984,473,16451.0;1984,474,71655.0;1984,475,29912.0;1984,476,62742.0;1984,277,15626.0;1984,34981,15626.0;1984,478,7327.0;1984,318,47764.0;1984,454,13622.0;1984,34987,12202.0;1984,5398,7327.0;1984,34988,16958.0;1984,34989,14106.0;1985,95,13953.0;1985,226,23333.0;1985,127,34257.0;1985,92,23381.0;1985,91,9988.0;1985,90,36344.0;1985,82,3611.0;1985,81,8538.0;1985,9,26079.0;1985,5396,16356.0;1985,78,32500.0;1985,10,48303.0;1985,7,56688.0;1985,77,13548.0;1985,71,13359.0;1985,70,18364.0;1985,68,20000.0;1985,72,13402.0;1985,1,63333.0;1985,64,16961.0;1985,13,25197.0;1985,63,11627.0;1985,270,14563.0;1985,238,3839.0;1985,61,10282.0;1985,34980,36051.0;1985,60,34312.0;1985,80,54544.0;1985,355,21719.0;1985,273,12476.0;1985,462,13705.0;1985,463,7881.0;1985,464,13697.0;1985,465,8497.0;1985,466,20381.0;1985,290,21941.0;1985,450,22606.0;1985,477,42164.0;1985,295,16290.0;1985,275,21317.0;1985,467,29147.0;1985,470,16685.0;1985,471,17431.0;1985,472,17455.0;1985,276,24217.0;1985,473,17345.0;1985,474,59081.0;1985,475,27563.0;1985,476,59164.0;1985,277,13875.0;1985,34981,13875.0;1985,478,18350.0;1985,318,42656.0;1985,454,13643.0;1985,34987,12981.0;1985,5398,18350.0;1985,34988,17500.0;1985,34989,15438.0;1985,15,12277.0;1985,16,31406.0;1985,17,8861.0;1985,19,6250.0;1985,21,16177.0;1985,23,13695.0;1985,24,48862.0;1985,28,21647.0;1985,34978,62522.0;1985,33,10000.0;1985,34,7415.0;1985,36,20000.0;1985,37,16140.0;1985,39,28749.0;1985,41,4820.0;1985,43,14246.0;1985,44,17665.0;1985,173,11910.0;1985,172,23009.0;1985,171,29367.0;1985,34845,29367.0;1985,34979,20180.0;1985,170,17101.0;1985,163,17703.0;1985,267,49816.0;1985,128,14941.0;1985,167,5862.0;1985,161,58256.0;1985,201,10192.0;1985,65,37590.0;1985,34982,10233.0;1985,155,30070.0;1985,3,59999.0;1985,6,58295.0;1985,149,20464.0;1985,148,17079.0;1985,139,6000.0;1985,138,48449.0;1985,137,18701.0;1985,135,10704.0;1985,134,9125.0;1985,2,63380.0;1985,133,15522.0;1985,8,27886.0;1985,14,37359.0;1985,130,6659.0;1985,129,18900.0;1985,208,2500.0;1985,124,13235.0;1985,123,5082.0;1985,120,7450.0;1985,118,15000.0;1985,117,6989.0;1985,115,18095.0;1985,212,37707.0;1985,114,10000.0;1985,113,42843.0;1985,112,14282.0;1985,110,12450.0;1985,109,12500.0;1985,142,17431.0;1985,108,26667.0;1985,107,11811.0;1985,5,66451.0;1985,220,18350.0;1985,106,43093.0;1985,104,19799.0;1985,103,20545.0;1985,102,43564.0;1985,217,11009.0;1985,101,16123.0;1985,98,15998.0;1985,97,11388.0;1985,11,34283.0;1986,15,11890.0;1986,16,28945.0;1986,17,8084.0;1986,19,8000.0;1986,21,17819.0;1986,23,14476.0;1986,24,43605.0;1986,28,19282.0;1986,34978,67404.0;1986,33,9167.0;1986,34,7642.0;1986,36,20000.0;1986,37,14466.0;1986,39,38399.0;1986,41,10833.0;1986,43,13333.0;1986,44,22052.0;1986,173,7433.0;1986,172,28565.0;1986,171,30403.0;1986,34845,30402.0;1986,34979,32566.0;1986,170,17684.0;1986,163,12785.0;1986,267,44031.0;1986,128,15889.0;1986,167,11634.0;1986,161,61684.0;1986,201,8031.0;1986,65,38028.0;1986,34982,9960.0;1986,155,31912.0;1986,3,54487.0;1986,6,60919.0;1986,149,26311.0;1986,148,19986.0;1986,139,6000.0;1986,138,43622.0;1986,137,20460.0;1986,135,11987.0;1986,134,8355.0;1986,2,55716.0;1986,133,18660.0;1986,8,29028.0;1986,14,35670.0;1986,130,6619.0;1986,129,18666.0;1986,208,3333.0;1986,124,15000.0;1986,123,5786.0;1986,120,8636.0;1986,118,15425.0;1986,117,8506.0;1986,115,6762.0;1986,212,38462.0;1986,114,10000.0;1986,113,39671.0;1986,112,14203.0;1986,110,17138.0;1986,109,12500.0;1986,142,17130.0;1986,108,29610.0;1986,107,12386.0;1986,5,79980.0;1986,220,18392.0;1986,106,41564.0;1986,104,19802.0;1986,103,19701.0;1986,102,40025.0;1986,217,10989.0;1986,101,18806.0;1986,98,15996.0;1986,97,12362.0;1986,11,37045.0;1986,95,15814.0;1986,226,23636.0;1986,127,29379.0;1986,92,25112.0;1986,91,10348.0;1986,90,40429.0;1986,82,3611.0;1986,81,11989.0;1986,9,20776.0;1986,5396,13161.0;1986,78,32500.0;1986,10,55661.0;1986,7,50980.0;1986,77,17933.0;1986,75,11932.0;1986,71,11667.0;1986,70,20342.0;1986,68,15541.0;1986,72,11857.0;1986,1,69659.0;1986,64,18137.0;1986,13,23167.0;1986,63,12430.0;1986,270,17767.0;1986,238,3502.0;1986,61,13378.0;1986,34980,35474.0;1986,60,49994.0;1986,80,59130.0;1986,355,23213.0;1986,273,14428.0;1986,462,13617.0;1986,463,10390.0;1986,464,15472.0;1986,465,11953.0;1986,466,19375.0;1986,290,21969.0;1986,450,22758.0;1986,477,39221.0;1986,295,16793.0;1986,275,22903.0;1986,467,30153.0;1986,470,18320.0;1986,471,17121.0;1986,472,19736.0;1986,276,26585.0;1986,473,20343.0;1986,474,64337.0;1986,475,27104.0;1986,476,56625.0;1986,277,14697.0;1986,34981,14696.0;1986,478,18392.0;1986,318,42799.0;1986,454,12877.0;1986,34987,13082.0;1986,5398,18392.0;1986,34988,19250.0;1986,34989,17228.0;1987,95,16473.0;1987,226,23409.0;1987,127,30235.0;1987,92,28134.0;1987,91,9220.0;1987,90,44021.0;1987,82,3703.0;1987,81,18033.0;1987,9,26074.0;1987,5396,13253.0;1987,78,32500.0;1987,10,47913.0;1987,7,48457.0;1987,77,14001.0;1987,75,12500.0;1987,71,14005.0;1987,70,20334.0;1987,68,21645.0;1987,72,11063.0;1987,1,59880.0;1987,64,18228.0;1987,13,25330.0;1987,63,18425.0;1987,270,16565.0;1987,238,3312.0;1987,61,15185.0;1987,34980,35681.0;1987,60,37404.0;1987,80,57986.0;1987,355,22900.0;1987,273,15013.0;1987,462,14460.0;1987,463,9129.0;1987,464,14164.0;1987,465,17871.0;1987,466,18921.0;1987,290,22665.0;1987,450,23074.0;1987,477,44091.0;1987,295,18843.0;1987,275,21888.0;1987,467,29514.0;1987,470,16863.0;1987,471,17286.0;1987,472,20035.0;1987,276,26182.0;1987,473,19710.0;1987,474,56266.0;1987,475,29175.0;1987,476,55984.0;1987,277,13891.0;1987,34981,13891.0;1987,478,15000.0;1987,318,42683.0;1987,454,13726.0;1987,34987,13419.0;1987,5398,15000.0;1987,34988,17649.0;1987,34989,15291.0;1987,15,12849.0;1987,16,31031.0;1987,17,7777.0;1987,19,8000.0;1987,21,18847.0;1987,23,13645.0;1987,24,45284.0;1987,28,18657.0;1987,34978,57796.0;1987,33,8000.0;1987,34,8079.0;1987,36,20000.0;1987,37,17654.0;1987,39,38221.0;1987,41,11081.0;1987,43,13333.0;1987,44,19279.0;1987,173,10000.0;1987,172,27701.0;1987,171,29829.0;1987,34845,29829.0;1987,34979,36506.0;1987,170,18186.0;1987,163,24026.0;1987,267,50784.0;1987,128,14778.0;1987,167,9300.0;1987,161,57474.0;1987,201,7961.0;1987,65,47158.0;1987,34982,11665.0;1987,155,20208.0;1987,3,55584.0;1987,6,57757.0;1987,149,25971.0;1987,148,20026.0;1987,139,5909.0;1987,138,44192.0;1987,137,19162.0;1987,135,11533.0;1987,134,8408.0;1987,2,70650.0;1987,133,31401.0;1987,8,30390.0;1987,14,31859.0;1987,130,9978.0;1987,129,14824.0;1987,208,4286.0;1987,124,19500.0;1987,123,6719.0;1987,120,8982.0;1987,118,17831.0;1987,117,6610.0;1987,115,12370.0;1987,212,36923.0;1987,114,10196.0;1987,113,44686.0;1987,112,11615.0;1987,110,10608.0;1987,109,7500.0;1987,142,17300.0;1987,108,27556.0;1987,107,13091.0;1987,5,69359.0;1987,220,15000.0;1987,106,40599.0;1987,104,15000.0;1987,103,19306.0;1987,102,42946.0;1987,217,11015.0;1987,101,15593.0;1987,98,20971.0;1987,97,12758.0;1987,11,37239.0;1988,15,11728.0;1988,16,32010.0;1988,17,6006.0;1988,19,8000.0;1988,21,18344.0;1988,23,15787.0;1988,24,53436.0;1988,28,17542.0;1988,34978,65242.0;1988,33,6396.0;1988,34,7670.0;1988,36,20000.0;1988,37,16528.0;1988,39,40144.0;1988,41,7378.0;1988,43,13333.0;1988,44,12293.0;1988,173,10652.0;1988,172,30075.0;1988,171,29679.0;1988,34845,29679.0;1988,34979,34384.0;1988,170,16319.0;1988,163,24290.0;1988,267,52826.0;1988,128,14222.0;1988,167,9153.0;1988,161,67521.0;1988,201,8671.0;1988,65,47510.0;1988,34982,11838.0;1988,155,26038.0;1988,3,61509.0;1988,6,62266.0;1988,149,28152.0;1988,148,19966.0;1988,139,5667.0;1988,138,54858.0;1988,137,20019.0;1988,135,11080.0;1988,134,8925.0;1988,2,77645.0;1988,133,23934.0;1988,8,27650.0;1988,14,36206.0;1988,130,11269.0;1988,129,16330.0;1988,208,28750.0;1988,124,20002.0;1988,123,6433.0;1988,120,8339.0;1988,118,16667.0;1988,117,7208.0;1988,115,15108.0;1988,212,36154.0;1988,114,10352.0;1988,113,40154.0;1988,112,13709.0;1988,110,17352.0;1988,109,12500.0;1988,142,13097.0;1988,108,26337.0;1988,107,12478.0;1988,5,72273.0;1988,220,13200.0;1988,106,40701.0;1988,104,10000.0;1988,103,12500.0;1988,102,34006.0;1988,217,14957.0;1988,101,17343.0;1988,98,18992.0;1988,97,13228.0;1988,11,34802.0;1988,95,13768.0;1988,226,22958.0;1988,127,32842.0;1988,92,35942.0;1988,91,10673.0;1988,90,44982.0;1988,82,3703.0;1988,81,18019.0;1988,9,27852.0;1988,5396,12562.0;1988,78,32500.0;1988,10,51762.0;1988,7,60181.0;1988,77,18778.0;1988,75,5546.0;1988,71,12470.0;1988,70,21861.0;1988,68,21667.0;1988,72,8083.0;1988,1,62142.0;1988,64,14153.0;1988,13,22913.0;1988,63,23410.0;1988,270,16402.0;1988,238,3340.0;1988,61,17344.0;1988,34980,41819.0;1988,60,42465.0;1988,80,57091.0;1988,355,22926.0;1988,273,17497.0;1988,462,15061.0;1988,463,9250.0;1988,464,17914.0;1988,465,17860.0;1988,466,12403.0;1988,290,19225.0;1988,450,18925.0;1988,477,39573.0;1988,295,18298.0;1988,275,22488.0;1988,467,29430.0;1988,470,17563.0;1988,471,13060.0;1988,472,21778.0;1988,276,26996.0;1988,473,20112.0;1988,474,60182.0;1988,475,30000.0;1988,476,61686.0;1988,277,15929.0;1988,34981,15929.0;1988,478,13200.0;1988,318,45860.0;1988,454,12958.0;1988,34987,13294.0;1988,5398,13200.0;1988,34988,18675.0;1988,34989,17108.0;1989,95,19133.0;1989,226,23333.0;1989,127,30797.0;1989,92,33808.0;1989,91,11556.0;1989,90,44239.0;1989,82,3684.0;1989,81,10906.0;1989,9,23597.0;1989,5396,14970.0;1989,78,32500.0;1989,10,61940.0;1989,7,65735.0;1989,77,8232.0;1989,75,7254.0;1989,71,7540.0;1989,70,17580.0;1989,68,22002.0;1989,72,19247.0;1989,1,67369.0;1989,64,16768.0;1989,13,22024.0;1989,63,23920.0;1989,270,18283.0;1989,238,3382.0;1989,61,17218.0;1989,34980,37847.0;1989,60,47219.0;1989,80,56767.0;1989,355,23732.0;1989,273,14811.0;1989,462,15825.0;1989,463,9185.0;1989,464,15997.0;1989,465,10836.0;1989,466,11990.0;1989,290,20674.0;1989,450,20631.0;1989,477,37856.0;1989,295,18813.0;1989,275,22975.0;1989,467,30133.0;1989,470,19132.0;1989,471,10723.0;1989,472,17900.0;1989,276,28562.0;1989,473,21822.0;1989,474,65720.0;1989,475,27447.0;1989,476,61283.0;1989,277,15870.0;1989,34981,15870.0;1989,478,11300.0;1989,318,46592.0;1989,454,13172.0;1989,34987,12919.0;1989,5398,11300.0;1989,34988,20224.0;1989,34989,17288.0;1989,15,11180.0;1989,16,29302.0;1989,17,7821.0;1989,19,8000.0;1989,21,18947.0;1989,23,15787.0;1989,24,49015.0;1989,28,18246.0;1989,34978,67442.0;1989,33,6386.0;1989,34,6962.0;1989,36,20000.0;1989,37,16925.0;1989,39,47661.0;1989,41,8177.0;1989,43,13333.0;1989,44,18076.0;1989,173,15000.0;1989,172,32677.0;1989,171,30430.0;1989,34845,30430.0;1989,34979,35378.0;1989,170,17177.0;1989,163,14953.0;1989,267,51315.0;1989,128,16125.0;1989,167,9264.0;1989,161,72534.0;1989,201,6665.0;1989,65,49416.0;1989,34982,12352.0;1989,155,33487.0;1989,3,63480.0;1989,6,56815.0;1989,149,30163.0;1989,148,19993.0;1989,139,5833.0;1989,138,52643.0;1989,137,22444.0;1989,135,9605.0;1989,134,8374.0;1989,2,75618.0;1989,133,21972.0;1989,8,25184.0;1989,14,34690.0;1989,130,10080.0;1989,129,15839.0;1989,208,31600.0;1989,124,21500.0;1989,123,6804.0;1989,120,8097.0;1989,118,16667.0;1989,117,6698.0;1989,115,13053.0;1989,212,37500.0;1989,114,10547.0;1989,113,38235.0;1989,112,13009.0;1989,110,14934.0;1989,109,12500.0;1989,142,10737.0;1989,108,48667.0;1989,107,13851.0;1989,5,75977.0;1989,220,11300.0;1989,106,35679.0;1989,104,11429.0;1989,103,12000.0;1989,102,36538.0;1989,217,19149.0;1989,101,18655.0;1989,98,14977.0;1989,97,13551.0;1989,11,38542.0;1990,15,10510.0;1990,16,30197.0;1990,17,6315.0;1990,19,7995.0;1990,21,18947.0;1990,23,16344.0;1990,24,50479.0;1990,28,15034.0;1990,34978,60339.0;1990,33,7692.0;1990,34,6480.0;1990,36,26178.0;1990,37,11540.0;1990,39,45514.0;1990,41,7478.0;1990,43,15000.0;1990,44,22769.0;1990,173,15000.0;1990,172,29481.0;1990,171,31941.0;1990,34845,31941.0;1990,34979,27023.0;1990,170,18483.0;1990,163,20392.0;1990,267,54212.0;1990,128,12889.0;1990,167,9259.0;1990,161,74180.0;1990,201,7967.0;1990,65,51967.0;1990,34982,13201.0;1990,155,34847.0;1990,3,64787.0;1990,6,62734.0;1990,149,19332.0;1990,148,19983.0;1990,139,5769.0;1990,138,50771.0;1990,137,21211.0;1990,135,12761.0;1990,134,10129.0;1990,2,85307.0;1990,133,32031.0;1990,8,29243.0;1990,14,36540.0;1990,130,14461.0;1990,129,16551.0;1990,208,31250.0;1990,124,19704.0;1990,123,8118.0;1990,120,12317.0;1990,118,20000.0;1990,117,7735.0;1990,115,11991.0;1990,212,38341.0;1990,114,10769.0;1990,113,42143.0;1990,112,11187.0;1990,110,13290.0;1990,109,18001.0;1990,142,9544.0;1990,108,44250.0;1990,107,14149.0;1990,5,76528.0;1990,220,7317.0;1990,106,48842.0;1990,104,28889.0;1990,103,8333.0;1990,102,46634.0;1990,217,23800.0;1990,101,18249.0;1990,98,16571.0;1990,97,10847.0;1990,11,39575.0;1990,95,14269.0;1990,226,22996.0;1990,127,30238.0;1990,92,32351.0;1990,91,11811.0;1990,90,46461.0;1990,82,3700.0;1990,81,10934.0;1990,9,23789.0;1990,5396,15857.0;1990,78,39641.0;1990,10,64494.0;1990,7,56376.0;1990,77,15436.0;1990,75,6107.0;1990,71,12721.0;1990,70,21227.0;1990,68,20000.0;1990,72,22165.0;1990,1,69712.0;1990,64,20381.0;1990,13,26567.0;1990,63,18510.0;1990,270,21148.0;1990,238,3444.0;1990,61,15826.0;1990,34980,42530.0;1990,60,43938.0;1990,80,58211.0;1990,355,25626.0;1990,273,15981.0;1990,462,17287.0;1990,463,9718.0;1990,464,17231.0;1990,465,10893.0;1990,466,9833.0;1990,290,24160.0;1990,450,25294.0;1990,477,41719.0;1990,295,17172.0;1990,275,23842.0;1990,467,31575.0;1990,470,18708.0;1990,471,9524.0;1990,472,21120.0;1990,276,30867.0;1990,473,24213.0;1990,474,67920.0;1990,475,28731.0;1990,476,63687.0;1990,277,16479.0;1990,34981,16479.0;1990,478,7317.0;1990,318,48114.0;1990,454,12796.0;1990,34987,12525.0;1990,5398,7317.0;1990,34988,19488.0;1990,34989,17231.0;1991,95,20982.0;1991,226,23048.0;1991,127,30955.0;1991,92,25406.0;1991,91,12333.0;1991,90,45030.0;1991,82,3667.0;1991,81,14916.0;1991,9,24592.0;1991,5396,14819.0;1991,78,20000.0;1991,10,58591.0;1991,7,61321.0;1991,77,16864.0;1991,75,4861.0;1991,71,17006.0;1991,70,21275.0;1991,68,18000.0;1991,72,15941.0;1991,1,72522.0;1991,64,16700.0;1991,13,23038.0;1991,63,16135.0;1991,270,15693.0;1991,238,3390.0;1991,61,11543.0;1991,34980,42661.0;1991,60,43841.0;1991,80,58912.0;1991,355,24396.0;1991,273,18952.0;1991,462,17761.0;1991,463,9927.0;1991,464,20077.0;1991,465,14643.0;1991,466,13369.0;1991,290,22384.0;1991,450,22857.0;1991,477,40986.0;1991,295,18322.0;1991,275,23824.0;1991,467,30608.0;1991,470,19763.0;1991,471,9017.0;1991,472,20562.0;1991,276,28013.0;1991,473,19147.0;1991,474,69340.0;1991,475,32332.0;1991,476,66601.0;1991,277,14876.0;1991,34981,14876.0;1991,478,13812.0;1991,318,49007.0;1991,454,12818.0;1991,34987,12076.0;1991,5398,13812.0;1991,34988,20591.0;1991,34989,18258.0;1991,15,10213.0;1991,16,20698.0;1991,17,10809.0;1991,19,8000.0;1991,21,18972.0;1991,23,14698.0;1991,24,50735.0;1991,28,16767.0;1991,34978,66884.0;1991,33,8333.0;1991,34,9339.0;1991,36,21930.0;1991,37,14232.0;1991,39,37480.0;1991,41,7333.0;1991,43,13133.0;1991,44,22559.0;1991,173,13822.0;1991,172,34057.0;1991,171,31004.0;1991,34845,31004.0;1991,34979,30092.0;1991,170,19852.0;1991,163,11429.0;1991,267,51526.0;1991,128,13645.0;1991,167,9255.0;1991,161,70749.0;1991,201,6645.0;1991,65,48163.0;1991,34982,14115.0;1991,155,36391.0;1991,3,66756.0;1991,6,67712.0;1991,149,31183.0;1991,148,20124.0;1991,139,5863.0;1991,138,51900.0;1991,137,22814.0;1991,135,13408.0;1991,134,8056.0;1991,2,78530.0;1991,133,21327.0;1991,8,35094.0;1991,14,31797.0;1991,130,12022.0;1991,129,18484.0;1991,208,30000.0;1991,124,22299.0;1991,123,1959.0;1991,120,12381.0;1991,118,22500.0;1991,117,5870.0;1991,115,20000.0;1991,212,36429.0;1991,114,12000.0;1991,113,41272.0;1991,112,10145.0;1991,110,18699.0;1991,109,15000.0;1991,142,9043.0;1991,108,59000.0;1991,107,14103.0;1991,5,76608.0;1991,220,13812.0;1991,106,50899.0;1991,104,28553.0;1991,103,12000.0;1991,102,46547.0;1991,217,23077.0;1991,101,18410.0;1991,98,17969.0;1991,97,8553.0;1991,11,38032.0;1992,15,10313.0;1992,16,24388.0;1992,17,9939.0;1992,19,8000.0;1992,21,21809.0;1992,22,21600.0;1992,23,17812.0;1992,24,53938.0;1992,25,21685.0;1992,28,18534.0;1992,30,27966.0;1992,34978,65309.0;1992,33,9091.0;1992,34,8088.0;1992,35,34000.0;1992,36,21165.0;1992,37,14295.0;1992,39,31071.0;1992,41,7120.0;1992,43,13140.0;1992,44,21603.0;1992,173,21201.0;1992,172,33787.0;1992,171,33312.0;1992,34845,33312.0;1992,34979,30856.0;1992,170,17490.0;1992,165,38967.0;1992,163,21000.0;1992,267,45987.0;1992,128,14043.0;1992,167,12356.0;1992,161,61510.0;1992,201,5911.0;1992,65,52546.0;1992,156,18829.0;1992,34982,13497.0;1992,155,24152.0;1992,3,64042.0;1992,152,17702.0;1992,6,59811.0;1992,149,24315.0;1992,148,20000.0;1992,139,5926.0;1992,138,40700.0;1992,137,23940.0;1992,135,14687.0;1992,134,5999.0;1992,2,78698.0;1992,133,28923.0;1992,8,35506.0;1992,14,35371.0;1992,130,14693.0;1992,131,13324.0;1992,129,19359.0;1992,208,30000.0;1992,126,27335.0;1992,122,25848.0;1992,124,22807.0;1992,123,8580.0;1992,120,10216.0;1992,119,29411.0;1992,118,25000.0;1992,117,4239.0;1992,115,13987.0;1992,212,34375.0;1992,114,12340.0;1992,113,39530.0;1992,112,8611.0;1992,110,7011.0;1992,109,11111.0;1992,142,9742.0;1992,108,51933.0;1992,107,13338.0;1992,5,80154.0;1992,220,20273.0;1992,106,53066.0;1992,104,24427.0;1992,103,13333.0;1992,102,35326.0;1992,217,23148.0;1992,101,19910.0;1992,98,22131.0;1992,97,13304.0;1992,11,30635.0;1992,95,12913.0;1992,226,23088.0;1992,127,33659.0;1992,111,32868.0;1992,92,21950.0;1992,12,19030.0;1992,91,11455.0;1992,90,44609.0;1992,268,31034.0;1992,83,41937.0;1992,82,3685.0;1992,81,17653.0;1992,9,19426.0;1992,5396,22111.0;1992,78,16816.0;1992,10,53249.0;1992,7,56239.0;1992,77,22056.0;1992,76,9073.0;1992,75,6753.0;1992,66,26752.0;1992,71,17030.0;1992,70,20392.0;1992,69,19137.0;1992,68,17600.0;1992,67,30926.0;1992,72,23154.0;1992,1,68191.0;1992,64,14555.0;1992,13,26433.0;1992,63,23035.0;1992,62,15375.0;1992,238,3501.0;1992,61,15652.0;1992,60,41004.0;1992,80,50893.0;1992,355,25373.0;1992,273,16500.0;1992,462,15439.0;1992,463,11969.0;1992,464,16541.0;1992,465,17517.0;1992,466,14305.0;1992,290,24295.0;1992,450,24730.0;1992,477,39243.0;1992,295,20233.0;1992,275,23414.0;1992,469,13667.0;1992,467,32857.0;1992,470,20831.0;1992,471,9723.0;1992,472,20459.0;1992,276,32094.0;1992,473,23617.0;1992,474,59503.0;1992,475,27510.0;1992,476,62617.0;1992,277,17965.0;1992,34981,17965.0;1992,478,20273.0;1992,318,45035.0;1992,454,13714.0;1992,34987,13892.0;1992,5398,20273.0;1992,34988,21742.0;1992,34989,17835.0;1993,95,16859.0;1993,226,23103.0;1993,127,27112.0;1993,111,40260.0;1993,92,23291.0;1993,12,17655.0;1993,91,12000.0;1993,90,44886.0;1993,268,34089.0;1993,85,38474.0;1993,83,38430.0;1993,82,3700.0;1993,81,18454.0;1993,9,24492.0;1993,5396,13790.0;1993,78,16070.0;1993,10,58993.0;1993,7,61224.0;1993,77,26182.0;1993,76,8513.0;1993,75,6167.0;1993,66,21352.0;1993,71,13700.0;1993,70,21629.0;1993,69,19577.0;1993,68,18000.0;1993,67,37980.0;1993,72,8586.0;1993,1,73280.0;1993,64,13420.0;1993,13,25699.0;1993,63,16018.0;1993,62,12561.0;1993,238,3611.0;1993,61,16092.0;1993,60,50737.0;1993,80,57708.0;1993,355,25389.0;1993,273,16278.0;1993,462,17386.0;1993,463,12384.0;1993,464,15722.0;1993,465,18371.0;1993,466,22910.0;1993,290,24321.0;1993,450,24496.0;1993,477,40479.0;1993,295,21271.0;1993,275,23296.0;1993,469,9896.0;1993,467,34708.0;1993,470,20350.0;1993,471,9504.0;1993,472,20912.0;1993,276,32117.0;1993,473,23581.0;1993,474,61317.0;1993,475,29657.0;1993,476,64859.0;1993,277,19827.0;1993,34981,19827.0;1993,478,18333.0;1993,318,44842.0;1993,454,12888.0;1993,34987,11277.0;1993,5398,18333.0;1993,34988,21210.0;1993,34989,17199.0;1993,15,10211.0;1993,16,29976.0;1993,17,8097.0;1993,19,8850.0;1993,21,23272.0;1993,22,22257.0;1993,23,19658.0;1993,24,42246.0;1993,25,16854.0;1993,28,18457.0;1993,30,26818.0;1993,34978,71303.0;1993,33,11667.0;1993,34,10320.0;1993,35,32521.0;1993,36,20399.0;1993,37,14825.0;1993,39,28580.0;1993,41,7748.0;1993,43,13146.0;1993,44,22027.0;1993,173,21363.0;1993,172,33500.0;1993,171,35188.0;1993,34845,35188.0;1993,34979,34901.0;1993,170,18773.0;1993,165,41867.0;1993,163,23400.0;1993,162,42350.0;1993,128,14427.0;1993,167,12803.0;1993,161,69791.0;1993,201,6711.0;1993,65,52970.0;1993,157,2038.0;1993,156,20994.0;1993,158,15487.0;1993,155,36212.0;1993,3,64722.0;1993,152,14250.0;1993,6,65842.0;1993,149,22961.0;1993,148,19924.0;1993,139,5821.0;1993,138,30649.0;1993,137,23267.0;1993,135,14926.0;1993,134,5897.0;1993,2,68056.0;1993,133,27183.0;1993,8,35533.0;1993,14,34739.0;1993,130,20439.0;1993,131,9178.0;1993,129,13795.0;1993,208,30000.0;1993,126,24555.0;1993,122,20006.0;1993,124,22917.0;1993,123,7330.0;1993,120,8400.0;1993,119,23718.0;1993,118,26667.0;1993,117,6306.0;1993,115,30909.0;1993,212,29000.0;1993,114,10000.0;1993,113,40821.0;1993,112,9038.0;1993,110,6808.0;1993,109,11637.0;1993,142,9531.0;1993,108,43846.0;1993,107,12460.0;1993,5,87712.0;1993,220,18333.0;1993,106,56256.0;1993,104,20000.0;1993,103,23286.0;1993,102,53762.0;1993,217,23636.0;1993,101,19466.0;1993,98,21494.0;1993,97,14812.0;1993,11,33279.0;1994,15,10250.0;1994,16,24745.0;1994,17,7999.0;1994,19,10000.0;1994,21,20237.0;1994,22,17842.0;1994,23,11356.0;1994,24,52088.0;1994,25,16318.0;1994,28,18390.0;1994,30,22772.0;1994,34978,73294.0;1994,33,12500.0;1994,34,7519.0;1994,35,34778.0;1994,36,19634.0;1994,37,15541.0;1994,39,28447.0;1994,41,8824.0;1994,43,13158.0;1994,44,21275.0;1994,173,22297.0;1994,172,35157.0;1994,171,34263.0;1994,34845,34263.0;1994,34979,32504.0;1994,170,20547.0;1994,165,37823.0;1994,163,24242.0;1994,162,45800.0;1994,128,14802.0;1994,167,12813.0;1994,161,64948.0;1994,201,6162.0;1994,65,50026.0;1994,157,7449.0;1994,156,16686.0;1994,158,10749.0;1994,155,37953.0;1994,3,66681.0;1994,152,13244.0;1994,6,67620.0;1994,149,27506.0;1994,148,21025.0;1994,139,6071.0;1994,138,46033.0;1994,137,23796.0;1994,135,16028.0;1994,134,7431.0;1994,2,77193.0;1994,133,13157.0;1994,8,34796.0;1994,14,37182.0;1994,130,19317.0;1994,131,7490.0;1994,129,22164.0;1994,208,30714.0;1994,126,18265.0;1994,122,21078.0;1994,124,22244.0;1994,123,4199.0;1994,120,7742.0;1994,119,20348.0;1994,118,20000.0;1994,117,2244.0;1994,115,16278.0;1994,212,27273.0;1994,114,12151.0;1994,113,43034.0;1994,112,7495.0;1994,110,18111.0;1994,109,11505.0;1994,142,9482.0;1994,108,52500.0;1994,107,14704.0;1994,5,80674.0;1994,220,20571.0;1994,106,57595.0;1994,104,19600.0;1994,103,23467.0;1994,102,41200.0;1994,217,23661.0;1994,101,18935.0;1994,98,12094.0;1994,97,12420.0;1994,11,31817.0;1994,95,19664.0;1994,226,23065.0;1994,127,37045.0;1994,111,21930.0;1994,92,25435.0;1994,12,14498.0;1994,91,11852.0;1994,90,45503.0;1994,268,35784.0;1994,85,48518.0;1994,83,43300.0;1994,82,3702.0;1994,81,17561.0;1994,9,21843.0;1994,5396,13287.0;1994,78,14286.0;1994,10,53403.0;1994,7,56631.0;1994,77,23838.0;1994,76,8409.0;1994,75,7000.0;1994,66,27545.0;1994,71,10694.0;1994,70,17871.0;1994,69,25763.0;1994,68,18000.0;1994,67,30745.0;1994,72,18554.0;1994,1,73528.0;1994,64,12090.0;1994,13,25270.0;1994,63,25653.0;1994,62,14210.0;1994,238,3713.0;1994,61,17035.0;1994,60,52692.0;1994,80,54649.0;1994,355,24474.0;1994,273,19150.0;1994,462,14948.0;1994,463,13141.0;1994,464,20255.0;1994,465,17247.0;1994,466,22397.0;1994,290,23766.0;1994,450,24067.0;1994,477,42703.0;1994,295,19685.0;1994,275,22579.0;1994,469,8574.0;1994,467,33835.0;1994,470,20837.0;1994,471,9461.0;1994,472,18227.0;1994,276,31349.0;1994,473,21159.0;1994,474,62401.0;1994,475,29593.0;1994,476,66791.0;1994,277,11601.0;1994,34981,11601.0;1994,478,20571.0;1994,318,46326.0;1994,454,12429.0;1994,34987,9751.0;1994,5398,20571.0;1994,34988,21260.0;1994,34989,18122.0;1995,95,12182.0;1995,226,22969.0;1995,127,44386.0;1995,111,32427.0;1995,92,30903.0;1995,12,13946.0;1995,91,10442.0;1995,90,44720.0;1995,268,34171.0;1995,85,44378.0;1995,83,42300.0;1995,82,3708.0;1995,81,14507.0;1995,9,14761.0;1995,5396,16113.0;1995,78,15000.0;1995,10,59441.0;1995,7,61654.0;1995,77,25457.0;1995,76,8882.0;1995,75,6748.0;1995,66,29304.0;1995,71,12780.0;1995,70,19165.0;1995,69,15904.0;1995,68,18000.0;1995,67,29699.0;1995,72,17419.0;1995,1,76988.0;1995,64,13817.0;1995,13,24065.0;1995,63,23359.0;1995,62,20156.0;1995,238,3977.0;1995,61,16831.0;1995,60,48705.0;1995,80,50360.0;1995,355,25144.0;1995,273,16211.0;1995,462,14748.0;1995,463,12159.0;1995,464,16930.0;1995,465,14439.0;1995,466,21434.0;1995,290,23479.0;1995,450,23569.0;1995,477,37054.0;1995,295,21297.0;1995,275,23730.0;1995,469,7679.0;1995,467,34993.0;1995,470,22514.0;1995,471,8320.0;1995,472,19281.0;1995,276,31595.0;1995,473,21682.0;1995,474,67263.0;1995,475,25881.0;1995,476,66298.0;1995,277,18067.0;1995,34981,18067.0;1995,478,19600.0;1995,318,46616.0;1995,454,13399.0;1995,34987,9646.0;1995,5398,19600.0;1995,34988,23013.0;1995,34989,18535.0;1995,15,10894.0;1995,16,28703.0;1995,17,8924.0;1995,19,11872.0;1995,21,21675.0;1995,22,25480.0;1995,23,17899.0;1995,24,50952.0;1995,25,14941.0;1995,28,19483.0;1995,30,24791.0;1995,34978,70119.0;1995,33,13000.0;1995,34,9746.0;1995,35,34107.0;1995,36,18869.0;1995,37,15420.0;1995,39,29085.0;1995,41,7440.0;1995,43,13230.0;1995,44,22467.0;1995,173,9996.0;1995,172,35500.0;1995,171,35415.0;1995,34845,35415.0;1995,34979,33681.0;1995,170,21193.0;1995,165,38605.0;1995,163,30137.0;1995,162,46016.0;1995,128,14751.0;1995,167,12929.0;1995,161,75633.0;1995,201,6951.0;1995,65,54221.0;1995,157,5124.0;1995,156,19974.0;1995,158,13106.0;1995,155,37686.0;1995,3,65079.0;1995,152,13032.0;1995,6,68881.0;1995,149,26341.0;1995,148,20987.0;1995,139,5879.0;1995,138,41644.0;1995,137,25590.0;1995,135,17096.0;1995,134,8052.0;1995,2,82461.0;1995,133,30371.0;1995,8,32013.0;1995,14,29319.0;1995,130,14414.0;1995,131,5748.0;1995,129,21064.0;1995,208,30833.0;1995,126,17175.0;1995,122,22235.0;1995,124,24765.0;1995,123,6166.0;1995,120,7313.0;1995,119,24455.0;1995,118,20000.0;1995,117,6865.0;1995,115,21040.0;1995,212,26250.0;1995,114,12745.0;1995,113,37320.0;1995,112,7366.0;1995,110,5543.0;1995,109,11448.0;1995,142,8334.0;1995,108,55172.0;1995,107,14416.0;1995,5,86189.0;1995,220,19600.0;1995,106,49035.0;1995,104,20079.0;1995,103,21800.0;1995,102,47463.0;1995,217,23684.0;1995,101,20811.0;1995,98,24544.0;1995,97,12643.0;1995,11,36015.0;1996,15,11220.0;1996,16,21741.0;1996,17,13090.0;1996,19,13780.0;1996,21,19344.0;1996,22,23569.0;1996,23,21673.0;1996,24,50069.0;1996,25,16448.0;1996,28,19531.0;1996,30,21989.0;1996,34978,89184.0;1996,33,14167.0;1996,34,7490.0;1996,35,30127.0;1996,36,18777.0;1996,37,18334.0;1996,39,18818.0;1996,41,7737.0;1996,43,13333.0;1996,44,24304.0;1996,173,22496.0;1996,172,33278.0;1996,171,37341.0;1996,34845,37341.0;1996,34979,33860.0;1996,170,21824.0;1996,165,36905.0;1996,163,35135.0;1996,162,46671.0;1996,128,13333.0;1996,167,12901.0;1996,161,69864.0;1996,201,9245.0;1996,65,56384.0;1996,157,3665.0;1996,156,22046.0;1996,158,12114.0;1996,155,40827.0;1996,3,71323.0;1996,152,14039.0;1996,6,72932.0;1996,149,24120.0;1996,148,21020.0;1996,139,5912.0;1996,138,32780.0;1996,137,24828.0;1996,135,15827.0;1996,134,8667.0;1996,2,89965.0;1996,133,22848.0;1996,8,33170.0;1996,14,30164.0;1996,130,15054.0;1996,131,6839.0;1996,129,20112.0;1996,208,35000.0;1996,126,21353.0;1996,122,23961.0;1996,124,24726.0;1996,123,14108.0;1996,120,7294.0;1996,119,26926.0;1996,118,20000.0;1996,117,8619.0;1996,115,19658.0;1996,212,38182.0;1996,114,13103.0;1996,113,41706.0;1996,112,6628.0;1996,110,18415.0;1996,109,11399.0;1996,142,8557.0;1996,108,43846.0;1996,107,15500.0;1996,5,89612.0;1996,220,18732.0;1996,106,57708.0;1996,104,10000.0;1996,103,20435.0;1996,102,45260.0;1996,140,18359.0;1996,217,23793.0;1996,101,20184.0;1996,98,17862.0;1996,97,12499.0;1996,11,34574.0;1996,95,17135.0;1996,226,22881.0;1996,127,39193.0;1996,111,20592.0;1996,92,17645.0;1996,12,15487.0;1996,91,11357.0;1996,90,43821.0;1996,268,25846.0;1996,85,41302.0;1996,83,39000.0;1996,82,3714.0;1996,81,20961.0;1996,9,30016.0;1996,5396,17698.0;1996,78,15000.0;1996,10,60597.0;1996,7,67540.0;1996,77,25200.0;1996,76,8566.0;1996,75,6455.0;1996,66,22922.0;1996,71,16151.0;1996,70,19802.0;1996,69,7759.0;1996,68,18000.0;1996,67,22993.0;1996,72,11948.0;1996,1,81478.0;1996,64,13957.0;1996,13,24389.0;1996,63,25957.0;1996,62,20637.0;1996,238,3844.0;1996,61,14096.0;1996,60,55771.0;1996,80,54999.0;1996,355,25761.0;1996,273,20282.0;1996,462,14946.0;1996,463,14018.0;1996,464,21036.0;1996,465,20867.0;1996,466,19192.0;1996,290,23854.0;1996,450,24361.0;1996,477,41353.0;1996,295,19602.0;1996,275,24174.0;1996,469,8707.0;1996,467,36913.0;1996,470,21728.0;1996,471,8531.0;1996,472,19554.0;1996,276,32094.0;1996,473,19806.0;1996,474,67986.0;1996,475,29543.0;1996,476,71916.0;1996,277,21831.0;1996,34981,21831.0;1996,478,18732.0;1996,318,49325.0;1996,454,13617.0;1996,34987,10156.0;1996,5398,18732.0;1996,34988,22338.0;1996,34989,19549.0;1997,95,11905.0;1997,226,23077.0;1997,127,40441.0;1997,111,32794.0;1997,92,29712.0;1997,12,18427.0;1997,91,9557.0;1997,90,44497.0;1997,268,36409.0;1997,85,45723.0;1997,83,41557.0;1997,82,3724.0;1997,81,17575.0;1997,9,22498.0;1997,5396,19497.0;1997,78,15601.0;1997,10,59742.0;1997,7,61144.0;1997,77,17214.0;1997,76,12687.0;1997,75,6867.0;1997,66,25485.0;1997,71,11061.0;1997,70,19982.0;1997,69,14252.0;1997,68,18000.0;1997,67,28277.0;1997,72,51379.0;1997,1,73762.0;1997,64,13869.0;1997,13,26574.0;1997,63,19843.0;1997,62,20933.0;1997,238,3842.0;1997,61,12302.0;1997,60,66221.0;1997,80,56000.0;1997,355,26986.0;1997,273,17975.0;1997,462,15254.0;1997,463,15177.0;1997,464,18612.0;1997,465,17581.0;1997,466,23692.0;1997,290,24600.0;1997,450,24934.0;1997,477,46882.0;1997,295,21592.0;1997,275,26106.0;1997,469,10687.0;1997,467,40586.0;1997,470,23125.0;1997,471,9538.0;1997,472,18805.0;1997,276,33145.0;1997,473,23678.0;1997,474,63976.0;1997,475,26833.0;1997,476,68314.0;1997,277,18616.0;1997,34981,18616.0;1997,478,18889.0;1997,318,47449.0;1997,454,14775.0;1997,34987,12098.0;1997,5398,18889.0;1997,34988,23471.0;1997,34989,18668.0;1997,15,12764.0;1997,16,28516.0;1997,17,8016.0;1997,19,15559.0;1997,21,22426.0;1997,22,17009.0;1997,23,18412.0;1997,24,52044.0;1997,25,17373.0;1997,28,20544.0;1997,30,25132.0;1997,34978,79337.0;1997,33,15385.0;1997,34,10641.0;1997,35,30193.0;1997,36,17163.0;1997,37,16359.0;1997,39,29502.0;1997,41,7756.0;1997,43,13331.0;1997,44,21280.0;1997,173,30000.0;1997,172,40174.0;1997,171,41019.0;1997,34845,41019.0;1997,34979,42500.0;1997,170,21243.0;1997,165,40000.0;1997,163,21905.0;1997,162,44100.0;1997,128,13333.0;1997,167,12894.0;1997,161,72057.0;1997,201,7461.0;1997,65,55994.0;1997,157,3434.0;1997,156,21850.0;1997,158,12917.0;1997,155,37188.0;1997,3,66237.0;1997,152,17109.0;1997,6,72682.0;1997,149,24170.0;1997,148,20408.0;1997,139,6667.0;1997,138,42153.0;1997,137,26789.0;1997,135,15947.0;1997,134,7566.0;1997,2,77210.0;1997,133,14055.0;1997,8,28563.0;1997,14,36387.0;1997,130,11018.0;1997,131,8400.0;1997,129,16132.0;1997,208,29899.0;1997,126,23174.0;1997,122,25909.0;1997,124,16263.0;1997,123,16291.0;1997,120,10090.0;1997,119,30016.0;1997,118,25000.0;1997,117,5896.0;1997,115,12752.0;1997,212,41073.0;1997,114,10000.0;1997,113,47347.0;1997,112,7614.0;1997,110,9292.0;1997,109,11362.0;1997,142,9569.0;1997,108,46361.0;1997,107,16072.0;1997,5,77309.0;1997,220,18889.0;1997,106,56607.0;1997,104,16226.0;1997,103,26400.0;1997,102,43108.0;1997,140,15150.0;1997,217,25000.0;1997,101,20533.0;1997,98,11419.0;1997,97,11150.0;1997,11,32064.0;1998,15,12964.0;1998,16,28037.0;1998,17,8847.0;1998,19,17143.0;1998,21,26088.0;1998,22,20651.0;1998,23,19153.0;1998,24,50749.0;1998,25,15516.0;1998,28,22408.0;1998,30,21339.0;1998,34978,82523.0;1998,33,15385.0;1998,34,9042.0;1998,35,32113.0;1998,36,16667.0;1998,37,16111.0;1998,39,28058.0;1998,41,8148.0;1998,43,13338.0;1998,44,22550.0;1998,173,20226.0;1998,172,43846.0;1998,171,36852.0;1998,34845,36852.0;1998,34979,24444.0;1998,170,20497.0;1998,165,42214.0;1998,163,19828.0;1998,162,42143.0;1998,128,23571.0;1998,167,12904.0;1998,161,72476.0;1998,201,6484.0;1998,65,59896.0;1998,157,9552.0;1998,156,17666.0;1998,158,13738.0;1998,155,28929.0;1998,3,76058.0;1998,152,10872.0;1998,6,72035.0;1998,149,24385.0;1998,148,19721.0;1998,139,5000.0;1998,138,41390.0;1998,137,24852.0;1998,135,19346.0;1998,134,8071.0;1998,2,80310.0;1998,133,18077.0;1998,8,35818.0;1998,14,35111.0;1998,130,12476.0;1998,131,5200.0;1998,129,18951.0;1998,208,22926.0;1998,126,23578.0;1998,122,25536.0;1998,124,20667.0;1998,123,14810.0;1998,120,8750.0;1998,119,28671.0;1998,118,25000.0;1998,117,7418.0;1998,115,24925.0;1998,212,39073.0;1998,114,14075.0;1998,113,42077.0;1998,112,6371.0;1998,110,14184.0;1998,109,11360.0;1998,142,9575.0;1998,108,49336.0;1998,107,15463.0;1998,5,76956.0;1998,220,19750.0;1998,106,62160.0;1998,104,17481.0;1998,103,20000.0;1998,102,47006.0;1998,140,17438.0;1998,217,25667.0;1998,101,22376.0;1998,98,9584.0;1998,97,11648.0;1998,11,36243.0;1998,95,10154.0;1998,226,22951.0;1998,127,34847.0;1998,111,26714.0;1998,92,25961.0;1998,12,13602.0;1998,91,7263.0;1998,90,44999.0;1998,268,37269.0;1998,85,41726.0;1998,83,48279.0;1998,82,3750.0;1998,81,25295.0;1998,9,28424.0;1998,5396,22941.0;1998,78,15909.0;1998,10,56494.0;1998,7,63155.0;1998,77,23885.0;1998,76,11448.0;1998,75,6933.0;1998,66,29615.0;1998,71,14248.0;1998,70,22352.0;1998,69,24904.0;1998,68,18000.0;1998,67,26479.0;1998,72,72000.0;1998,1,75545.0;1998,64,11217.0;1998,13,29034.0;1998,63,28929.0;1998,62,25177.0;1998,238,3821.0;1998,61,15034.0;1998,60,56681.0;1998,80,55000.0;1998,355,27040.0;1998,273,18639.0;1998,462,15893.0;1998,463,15143.0;1998,464,18431.0;1998,465,25050.0;1998,466,19886.0;1998,290,26754.0;1998,450,27030.0;1998,477,41769.0;1998,295,24208.0;1998,275,25133.0;1998,469,9370.0;1998,467,36509.0;1998,470,22872.0;1998,471,9542.0;1998,472,21241.0;1998,276,34072.0;1998,473,20900.0;1998,474,64042.0;1998,475,31818.0;1998,476,74042.0;1998,277,19333.0;1998,34981,19333.0;1998,478,19750.0;1998,318,51189.0;1998,454,15408.0;1998,34987,11108.0;1998,5398,19750.0;1998,34988,23174.0;1998,34989,20404.0;1999,95,16925.0;1999,226,23056.0;1999,127,36699.0;1999,111,23423.0;1999,92,27993.0;1999,12,15690.0;1999,91,6974.0;1999,90,42526.0;1999,268,32870.0;1999,85,40133.0;1999,83,37087.0;1999,82,3722.0;1999,81,24137.0;1999,9,20987.0;1999,5396,12113.0;1999,78,15000.0;1999,10,60236.0;1999,7,53731.0;1999,77,16790.0;1999,76,11486.0;1999,75,6995.0;1999,66,28026.0;1999,71,14184.0;1999,70,19199.0;1999,69,25097.0;1999,68,18333.0;1999,67,22903.0;1999,72,41569.0;1999,1,80493.0;1999,64,14363.0;1999,13,28726.0;1999,63,19537.0;1999,62,25367.0;1999,238,3799.0;1999,61,16207.0;1999,60,69777.0;1999,80,55000.0;1999,355,27506.0;1999,273,18099.0;1999,462,13701.0;1999,463,13961.0;1999,464,18366.0;1999,465,23675.0;1999,466,20281.0;1999,290,27065.0;1999,450,27836.0;1999,477,46014.0;1999,295,22246.0;1999,275,26459.0;1999,469,15423.0;1999,467,39096.0;1999,470,23455.0;1999,471,10877.0;1999,472,18437.0;1999,276,33059.0;1999,473,20954.0;1999,474,66003.0;1999,475,26791.0;1999,476,72910.0;1999,277,20238.0;1999,34981,20238.0;1999,478,17500.0;1999,318,49605.0;1999,454,14414.0;1999,34987,15144.0;1999,5398,17500.0;1999,34988,23365.0;1999,34989,19231.0;1999,15,12329.0;1999,16,24954.0;1999,17,10711.0;1999,19,17391.0;1999,21,23028.0;1999,22,19936.0;1999,23,20066.0;1999,24,54348.0;1999,25,19990.0;1999,28,21627.0;1999,30,17322.0;1999,34978,80957.0;1999,33,15385.0;1999,34,8677.0;1999,35,27163.0;1999,36,16295.0;1999,37,19699.0;1999,39,27352.0;1999,41,7085.0;1999,43,13345.0;1999,44,25968.0;1999,173,14340.0;1999,172,35342.0;1999,171,39466.0;1999,34845,39466.0;1999,34979,46316.0;1999,170,21537.0;1999,165,32976.0;1999,163,21212.0;1999,162,46457.0;1999,128,20208.0;1999,167,12850.0;1999,161,70074.0;1999,201,7001.0;1999,65,63467.0;1999,157,7700.0;1999,156,13377.0;1999,158,11150.0;1999,155,21589.0;1999,3,72431.0;1999,152,20325.0;1999,6,75411.0;1999,149,23914.0;1999,148,19633.0;1999,139,4750.0;1999,138,35948.0;1999,137,25901.0;1999,135,18302.0;1999,134,6154.0;1999,2,87665.0;1999,133,4564.0;1999,8,32434.0;1999,14,34544.0;1999,130,22633.0;1999,131,12868.0;1999,129,16534.0;1999,208,23057.0;1999,126,22977.0;1999,122,24103.0;1999,124,18814.0;1999,123,7388.0;1999,120,7879.0;1999,119,26098.0;1999,118,23661.0;1999,117,7877.0;1999,115,21696.0;1999,212,39442.0;1999,114,14818.0;1999,113,46310.0;1999,112,6104.0;1999,110,8004.0;1999,109,11383.0;1999,142,10919.0;1999,108,36440.0;1999,107,16955.0;1999,5,83311.0;1999,220,17500.0;1999,106,60606.0;1999,104,21115.0;1999,103,20120.0;1999,102,44516.0;1999,140,7779.0;1999,217,30000.0;1999,101,21698.0;1999,98,14716.0;1999,97,12877.0;1999,11,35042.0;2000,15,7240.0;2000,16,30455.0;2000,17,9194.0;2000,19,17047.0;2000,21,24873.0;2000,22,17058.0;2000,23,18209.0;2000,24,44688.0;2000,25,23223.0;2000,28,22104.0;2000,30,21372.0;2000,4,79198.0;2000,33,9457.0;2000,34,8492.0;2000,35,32290.0;2000,36,15842.0;2000,37,15588.0;2000,39,28421.0;2000,41,6774.0;2000,43,13353.0;2000,44,24446.0;2000,173,14336.0;2000,172,38120.0;2000,171,37382.0;2000,34845,37382.0;2000,34979,35278.0;2000,170,15992.0;2000,165,43744.0;2000,163,16260.0;2000,162,42085.0;2000,128,8475.0;2000,167,12849.0;2000,161,74797.0;2000,201,6208.0;2000,65,63422.0;2000,157,5943.0;2000,156,21285.0;2000,158,11631.0;2000,155,36007.0;2000,3,71171.0;2000,152,10430.0;2000,6,72826.0;2000,149,27116.0;2000,148,20934.0;2000,139,5255.0;2000,138,36044.0;2000,137,27785.0;2000,135,15856.0;2000,134,3200.0;2000,2,94538.0;2000,133,14653.0;2000,8,32133.0;2000,14,37607.0;2000,130,13971.0;2000,131,9028.0;2000,129,15492.0;2000,208,22956.0;2000,126,23420.0;2000,122,27035.0;2000,124,27025.0;2000,123,6547.0;2000,120,7768.0;2000,119,33413.0;2000,210,55769.0;2000,118,23565.0;2000,117,7968.0;2000,115,23515.0;2000,212,40134.0;2000,114,15323.0;2000,113,49355.0;2000,112,7768.0;2000,110,4758.0;2000,109,10000.0;2000,142,11594.0;2000,108,50481.0;2000,107,17931.0;2000,5,83592.0;2000,220,20000.0;2000,106,62095.0;2000,104,17250.0;2000,103,14038.0;2000,102,46025.0;2000,140,24656.0;2000,217,31896.0;2000,101,24907.0;2000,98,13810.0;2000,97,12797.0;2000,11,32268.0;2000,95,15688.0;2000,226,23056.0;2000,127,25452.0;2000,111,19512.0;2000,92,23108.0;2000,12,16141.0;2000,91,6416.0;2000,90,42640.0;2000,268,29508.0;2000,85,30952.0;2000,83,42492.0;2000,82,3692.0;2000,81,25997.0;2000,9,30997.0;2000,5396,23266.0;2000,78,15000.0;2000,10,59066.0;2000,7,61323.0;2000,77,18498.0;2000,76,11839.0;2000,75,7057.0;2000,66,24719.0;2000,71,11727.0;2000,70,22350.0;2000,69,24143.0;2000,68,17143.0;2000,67,19756.0;2000,72,65000.0;2000,1,80077.0;2000,64,4561.0;2000,13,28238.0;2000,63,25344.0;2000,62,26051.0;2000,238,3693.0;2000,61,16246.0;2000,60,62102.0;2000,80,54000.0;2000,355,27187.0;2000,273,17517.0;2000,462,13254.0;2000,463,13922.0;2000,464,17240.0;2000,465,25527.0;2000,466,14786.0;2000,290,26667.0;2000,450,26965.0;2000,477,49051.0;2000,295,23573.0;2000,275,25906.0;2000,469,12209.0;2000,467,37125.0;2000,470,24684.0;2000,471,11531.0;2000,472,20657.0;2000,276,33214.0;2000,473,20161.0;2000,474,67788.0;2000,475,30663.0;2000,476,71107.0;2000,277,18398.0;2000,34981,18398.0;2000,478,20000.0;2000,318,49805.0;2000,454,12689.0;2000,34987,12456.0;2000,5398,20000.0;2000,34988,24960.0;2000,34989,19759.0;2001,95,8371.0;2001,226,23333.0;2001,127,31049.0;2001,111,27133.0;2001,92,30563.0;2001,12,20577.0;2001,91,7694.0;2001,90,49081.0;2001,268,36563.0;2001,85,42537.0;2001,83,46036.0;2001,82,3654.0;2001,81,25708.0;2001,9,23003.0;2001,5396,25225.0;2001,78,15400.0;2001,10,59412.0;2001,7,56711.0;2001,77,28178.0;2001,76,13098.0;2001,75,7122.0;2001,66,21298.0;2001,71,20000.0;2001,70,20328.0;2001,69,25143.0;2001,68,17500.0;2001,67,31020.0;2001,72,35333.0;2001,1,70826.0;2001,64,17076.0;2001,13,27018.0;2001,63,11488.0;2001,62,30249.0;2001,238,3441.0;2001,61,16185.0;2001,60,66667.0;2001,80,53000.0;2001,355,27571.0;2001,273,20243.0;2001,462,15290.0;2001,463,13989.0;2001,464,20669.0;2001,465,25609.0;2001,466,11174.0;2001,290,24650.0;2001,450,24363.0;2001,477,47358.0;2001,295,23892.0;2001,275,25941.0;2001,469,14662.0;2001,467,37767.0;2001,470,24048.0;2001,471,11799.0;2001,472,21331.0;2001,276,34606.0;2001,473,25992.0;2001,474,61565.0;2001,475,26749.0;2001,476,70478.0;2001,277,21302.0;2001,34981,21302.0;2001,478,18500.0;2001,318,47857.0;2001,454,14181.0;2001,34987,14935.0;2001,5398,18500.0;2001,34988,24876.0;2001,34989,20934.0;2001,15,8977.0;2001,16,28220.0;2001,17,11104.0;2001,19,16667.0;2001,21,24934.0;2001,22,22659.0;2001,23,21076.0;2001,24,52412.0;2001,25,26137.0;2001,28,21643.0;2001,30,21250.0;2001,4,80475.0;2001,33,10000.0;2001,34,9890.0;2001,35,24263.0;2001,36,15714.0;2001,37,19480.0;2001,39,30081.0;2001,41,8667.0;2001,43,13360.0;2001,44,19452.0;2001,173,14933.0;2001,172,42999.0;2001,171,38061.0;2001,34845,38061.0;2001,34979,34412.0;2001,170,15106.0;2001,165,40239.0;2001,163,19444.0;2001,162,48483.0;2001,128,21628.0;2001,167,12850.0;2001,161,73559.0;2001,201,6100.0;2001,65,63580.0;2001,157,11658.0;2001,156,22302.0;2001,158,13259.0;2001,155,33811.0;2001,3,66170.0;2001,152,26883.0;2001,6,78827.0;2001,149,25089.0;2001,148,20617.0;2001,139,5248.0;2001,138,43105.0;2001,137,27081.0;2001,135,17033.0;2001,134,7405.0;2001,2,90601.0;2001,133,19431.0;2001,8,28013.0;2001,14,35546.0;2001,130,14345.0;2001,131,11803.0;2001,129,19890.0;2001,208,12240.0;2001,126,24883.0;2001,122,27080.0;2001,124,31995.0;2001,123,20515.0;2001,120,7560.0;2001,119,30559.0;2001,210,54984.0;2001,118,23810.0;2001,117,8989.0;2001,115,24968.0;2001,212,40000.0;2001,114,15641.0;2001,113,47661.0;2001,112,7200.0;2001,110,12280.0;2001,109,10000.0;2001,142,11859.0;2001,108,60464.0;2001,107,18063.0;2001,5,79447.0;2001,220,18500.0;2001,106,74286.0;2001,104,15809.0;2001,103,9808.0;2001,102,40738.0;2001,140,12122.0;2001,217,31826.0;2001,101,23254.0;2001,98,18334.0;2001,97,12465.0;2001,11,35336.0;2002,15,15419.0;2002,16,31617.0;2002,17,10739.0;2002,19,15488.0;2002,21,22398.0;2002,22,24254.0;2002,23,9071.0;2002,24,49667.0;2002,25,26028.0;2002,28,21644.0;2002,30,26919.0;2002,4,82757.0;2002,33,11269.0;2002,34,8850.0;2002,35,30026.0;2002,36,14545.0;2002,37,14754.0;2002,39,30123.0;2002,41,8290.0;2002,43,13367.0;2002,44,18324.0;2002,173,20000.0;2002,172,42722.0;2002,171,37766.0;2002,34845,37766.0;2002,34979,36389.0;2002,170,17353.0;2002,165,42284.0;2002,163,21864.0;2002,162,45600.0;2002,128,23016.0;2002,167,12872.0;2002,161,70345.0;2002,201,5696.0;2002,65,64345.0;2002,157,1706.0;2002,156,22694.0;2002,158,14354.0;2002,155,32585.0;2002,3,74454.0;2002,152,16984.0;2002,6,69056.0;2002,149,23437.0;2002,148,19343.0;2002,139,5223.0;2002,138,35212.0;2002,137,27621.0;2002,135,19949.0;2002,134,15703.0;2002,2,84440.0;2002,133,21162.0;2002,8,31247.0;2002,14,40010.0;2002,130,13367.0;2002,131,10895.0;2002,129,21217.0;2002,208,23006.0;2002,126,23017.0;2002,122,33844.0;2002,124,27356.0;2002,123,7172.0;2002,120,7785.0;2002,119,36335.0;2002,210,59669.0;2002,118,23501.0;2002,117,5588.0;2002,115,26361.0;2002,212,50000.0;2002,114,16560.0;2002,113,50999.0;2002,112,5898.0;2002,110,12793.0;2002,109,10385.0;2002,142,12771.0;2002,108,63724.0;2002,107,18859.0;2002,5,78145.0;2002,220,20000.0;2002,106,71467.0;2002,104,10606.0;2002,103,9818.0;2002,102,40994.0;2002,140,24193.0;2002,217,31648.0;2002,101,22621.0;2002,98,17263.0;2002,97,13456.0;2002,11,38539.0;2002,95,17904.0;2002,226,22727.0;2002,127,32268.0;2002,111,25068.0;2002,92,20580.0;2002,12,20676.0;2002,91,6171.0;2002,90,48875.0;2002,268,32293.0;2002,85,38302.0;2002,83,48943.0;2002,82,3735.0;2002,81,25906.0;2002,9,28347.0;2002,5396,21385.0;2002,78,15375.0;2002,10,61487.0;2002,7,57933.0;2002,77,28436.0;2002,76,17898.0;2002,75,7199.0;2002,66,26473.0;2002,71,14144.0;2002,70,20976.0;2002,69,31863.0;2002,68,17500.0;2002,67,30455.0;2002,72,34118.0;2002,1,80025.0;2002,64,25106.0;2002,13,23567.0;2002,63,15011.0;2002,62,38729.0;2002,238,3389.0;2002,61,14740.0;2002,60,62500.0;2002,80,50000.0;2002,355,26922.0;2002,273,21281.0;2002,462,16516.0;2002,463,14699.0;2002,464,21819.0;2002,465,25264.0;2002,466,10375.0;2002,290,22157.0;2002,450,21891.0;2002,477,50625.0;2002,295,21073.0;2002,275,26198.0;2002,469,14988.0;2002,467,37473.0;2002,470,24886.0;2002,471,12695.0;2002,472,22412.0;2002,276,35119.0;2002,473,24904.0;2002,474,67504.0;2002,475,29375.0;2002,476,71901.0;2002,277,9306.0;2002,34981,9305.0;2002,478,20000.0;2002,318,49635.0;2002,454,16771.0;2002,34987,15792.0;2002,5398,20000.0;2002,34988,25750.0;2002,34989,21594.0;2003,95,8581.0;2003,226,23333.0;2003,127,30512.0;2003,111,4970.0;2003,92,17570.0;2003,12,17047.0;2003,91,7653.0;2003,90,48849.0;2003,268,22772.0;2003,85,30313.0;2003,83,34543.0;2003,82,3763.0;2003,81,20680.0;2003,9,29236.0;2003,5396,19645.0;2003,78,15439.0;2003,10,54849.0;2003,7,50443.0;2003,77,27355.0;2003,76,19716.0;2003,75,7518.0;2003,66,21761.0;2003,71,21412.0;2003,70,20888.0;2003,69,29259.0;2003,68,16667.0;2003,67,14653.0;2003,72,25000.0;2003,1,77779.0;2003,64,27520.0;2003,13,29712.0;2003,63,27698.0;2003,62,36077.0;2003,238,3455.0;2003,61,11997.0;2003,60,64286.0;2003,80,30000.0;2003,355,26822.0;2003,273,22133.0;2003,462,16116.0;2003,463,12959.0;2003,464,23672.0;2003,465,20066.0;2003,466,11416.0;2003,290,26444.0;2003,450,27408.0;2003,477,44545.0;2003,295,22198.0;2003,275,25910.0;2003,469,14701.0;2003,467,38994.0;2003,470,24163.0;2003,471,12757.0;2003,472,21963.0;2003,276,31655.0;2003,473,19400.0;2003,474,64690.0;2003,475,26141.0;2003,476,63543.0;2003,277,20177.0;2003,34981,20177.0;2003,478,19000.0;2003,318,45763.0;2003,454,16371.0;2003,34987,15215.0;2003,5398,19000.0;2003,34988,24776.0;2003,34989,22605.0;2003,15,15000.0;2003,16,28629.0;2003,17,14480.0;2003,19,13883.0;2003,21,20361.0;2003,22,17522.0;2003,23,19998.0;2003,24,43801.0;2003,25,25599.0;2003,28,21327.0;2003,30,25082.0;2003,4,85786.0;2003,33,14239.0;2003,34,9878.0;2003,35,22617.0;2003,36,13667.0;2003,37,24035.0;2003,39,23828.0;2003,41,7870.0;2003,43,13375.0;2003,44,22565.0;2003,173,14450.0;2003,172,43230.0;2003,171,39318.0;2003,34845,39318.0;2003,34979,35200.0;2003,170,19496.0;2003,165,29576.0;2003,163,19765.0;2003,162,40700.0;2003,128,23333.0;2003,167,12129.0;2003,161,70768.0;2003,201,7980.0;2003,65,65001.0;2003,157,1987.0;2003,156,21574.0;2003,158,13874.0;2003,155,35494.0;2003,3,62499.0;2003,152,19347.0;2003,6,64985.0;2003,149,20085.0;2003,148,16000.0;2003,139,5000.0;2003,138,26408.0;2003,137,26100.0;2003,135,20969.0;2003,134,13590.0;2003,2,82978.0;2003,133,25312.0;2003,8,27482.0;2003,14,40335.0;2003,130,14280.0;2003,131,10250.0;2003,129,25055.0;2003,208,23032.0;2003,126,23649.0;2003,122,27914.0;2003,124,25389.0;2003,123,5879.0;2003,120,7603.0;2003,119,35783.0;2003,210,61364.0;2003,118,23464.0;2003,117,7510.0;2003,115,32758.0;2003,212,40000.0;2003,114,16667.0;2003,113,44912.0;2003,112,7914.0;2003,110,17220.0;2003,109,11875.0;2003,142,12822.0;2003,108,62509.0;2003,107,20092.0;2003,5,87439.0;2003,220,19000.0;2003,106,74709.0;2003,104,14660.0;2003,103,10357.0;2003,102,46132.0;2003,140,20749.0;2003,217,32703.0;2003,101,23878.0;2003,98,22000.0;2003,97,13779.0;2003,11,34047.0;2004,15,12659.0;2004,16,31130.0;2004,17,13582.0;2004,19,12402.0;2004,21,25441.0;2004,22,24092.0;2004,23,16348.0;2004,24,59234.0;2004,25,25748.0;2004,28,19527.0;2004,30,33040.0;2004,4,89806.0;2004,33,13656.0;2004,34,10665.0;2004,35,36711.0;2004,36,12694.0;2004,37,20728.0;2004,39,38100.0;2004,41,8326.0;2004,43,13384.0;2004,44,26409.0;2004,172,45710.0;2004,171,42519.0;2004,34845,42519.0;2004,34979,32162.0;2004,170,18879.0;2004,165,39626.0;2004,163,13329.0;2004,162,58419.0;2004,128,25000.0;2004,167,12842.0;2004,161,71406.0;2004,201,8053.0;2004,65,65567.0;2004,157,2980.0;2004,156,25083.0;2004,158,14691.0;2004,155,34738.0;2004,3,75787.0;2004,152,18165.0;2004,6,81716.0;2004,149,24757.0;2004,148,19796.0;2004,139,5134.0;2004,138,51174.0;2004,137,27132.0;2004,135,22056.0;2004,134,11898.0;2004,2,99241.0;2004,133,21883.0;2004,8,36698.0;2004,14,40466.0;2004,130,12273.0;2004,131,8432.0;2004,129,24827.0;2004,208,17612.0;2004,126,24344.0;2004,122,29423.0;2004,124,29344.0;2004,123,6401.0;2004,120,7666.0;2004,119,40276.0;2004,210,68241.0;2004,118,23439.0;2004,117,7537.0;2004,115,29807.0;2004,212,41341.0;2004,114,24906.0;2004,113,44871.0;2004,112,8072.0;2004,110,18082.0;2004,109,10870.0;2004,142,15753.0;2004,108,41622.0;2004,107,20873.0;2004,5,89149.0;2004,220,16667.0;2004,106,81665.0;2004,104,15517.0;2004,103,10690.0;2004,102,47691.0;2004,140,21164.0;2004,217,30888.0;2004,101,23733.0;2004,98,21918.0;2004,97,13872.0;2004,11,42811.0;2004,95,15625.0;2004,226,24444.0;2004,127,33289.0;2004,111,27386.0;2004,92,34775.0;2004,12,19814.0;2004,91,7987.0;2004,90,53066.0;2004,268,43340.0;2004,85,47988.0;2004,83,45339.0;2004,82,3787.0;2004,81,20325.0;2004,9,32628.0;2004,5396,24167.0;2004,78,15472.0;2004,10,59798.0;2004,7,61183.0;2004,77,24778.0;2004,76,19897.0;2004,75,7710.0;2004,66,35217.0;2004,71,16634.0;2004,70,22581.0;2004,69,31707.0;2004,68,16667.0;2004,67,31661.0;2004,72,20000.0;2004,1,77754.0;2004,64,19488.0;2004,13,29026.0;2004,63,29704.0;2004,62,36572.0;2004,238,3693.0;2004,61,12323.0;2004,60,61181.0;2004,80,35000.0;2004,355,29174.0;2004,273,22135.0;2004,462,16902.0;2004,463,12734.0;2004,464,23492.0;2004,465,19960.0;2004,466,12029.0;2004,290,27516.0;2004,450,28197.0;2004,477,44488.0;2004,295,24559.0;2004,275,26783.0;2004,469,13203.0;2004,467,42180.0;2004,470,24938.0;2004,471,15653.0;2004,472,22888.0;2004,276,38564.0;2004,473,26785.0;2004,474,66183.0;2004,475,33967.0;2004,476,77668.0;2004,277,16538.0;2004,34981,16538.0;2004,478,16667.0;2004,318,56036.0;2004,454,15733.0;2004,34987,14448.0;2004,5398,16667.0;2004,34988,25377.0;2004,34989,22592.0;2005,95,6645.0;2005,226,23333.0;2005,127,32058.0;2005,111,25989.0;2005,92,29985.0;2005,12,19324.0;2005,91,9083.0;2005,90,54175.0;2005,268,35626.0;2005,85,43111.0;2005,83,47005.0;2005,82,3871.0;2005,81,23665.0;2005,9,17707.0;2005,5396,24615.0;2005,78,15474.0;2005,10,63334.0;2005,7,57321.0;2005,77,24523.0;2005,76,19603.0;2005,75,7907.0;2005,66,30811.0;2005,71,16918.0;2005,70,23243.0;2005,69,31489.0;2005,68,16667.0;2005,67,28457.0;2005,72,20000.0;2005,1,79609.0;2005,64,28838.0;2005,13,28231.0;2005,63,29583.0;2005,62,42073.0;2005,238,16885.0;2005,61,13134.0;2005,60,62104.0;2005,80,35000.0;2005,355,28557.0;2005,273,21352.0;2005,462,17629.0;2005,463,12710.0;2005,464,22147.0;2005,465,23344.0;2005,466,11806.0;2005,290,27550.0;2005,450,27961.0;2005,477,47189.0;2005,295,24978.0;2005,275,26844.0;2005,469,14543.0;2005,467,42426.0;2005,470,24572.0;2005,471,13865.0;2005,472,21967.0;2005,276,34962.0;2005,473,24697.0;2005,474,66950.0;2005,475,27397.0;2005,476,71313.0;2005,277,20401.0;2005,34981,20401.0;2005,478,16667.0;2005,318,51153.0;2005,454,17966.0;2005,34987,15973.0;2005,5398,16667.0;2005,34988,25361.0;2005,34989,23033.0;2005,15,18215.0;2005,16,31582.0;2005,17,15057.0;2005,19,10863.0;2005,21,26356.0;2005,22,20827.0;2005,23,20210.0;2005,24,50286.0;2005,25,25818.0;2005,28,17478.0;2005,30,32812.0;2005,4,82733.0;2005,33,12754.0;2005,34,10741.0;2005,35,30568.0;2005,36,11625.0;2005,37,19735.0;2005,39,31567.0;2005,41,7387.0;2005,43,13393.0;2005,44,27381.0;2005,173,15000.0;2005,172,44130.0;2005,171,42753.0;2005,34845,42753.0;2005,34979,31613.0;2005,170,23371.0;2005,165,41144.0;2005,163,17570.0;2005,162,50522.0;2005,128,25065.0;2005,167,12850.0;2005,161,72328.0;2005,201,7220.0;2005,65,64929.0;2005,157,11565.0;2005,156,30818.0;2005,158,15567.0;2005,155,37304.0;2005,3,69887.0;2005,152,19889.0;2005,6,74651.0;2005,149,24223.0;2005,148,22678.0;2005,139,5195.0;2005,138,45000.0;2005,137,26016.0;2005,135,20585.0;2005,134,8738.0;2005,2,84317.0;2005,133,23458.0;2005,8,36352.0;2005,14,40970.0;2005,130,11731.0;2005,131,9480.0;2005,129,23131.0;2005,208,17552.0;2005,126,22410.0;2005,122,36099.0;2005,124,29030.0;2005,123,7234.0;2005,120,7576.0;2005,119,37332.0;2005,210,60153.0;2005,118,23381.0;2005,117,8707.0;2005,115,22001.0;2005,212,41828.0;2005,114,20000.0;2005,113,47517.0;2005,112,4775.0;2005,110,10261.0;2005,109,11071.0;2005,142,13929.0;2005,108,45255.0;2005,107,21344.0;2005,5,85932.0;2005,220,16667.0;2005,106,80920.0;2005,104,16112.0;2005,103,11000.0;2005,102,48925.0;2005,140,20898.0;2005,217,31919.0;2005,101,25858.0;2005,98,20667.0;2005,97,13440.0;2005,11,39545.0;2006,15,13760.0;2006,16,30787.0;2006,17,15068.0;2006,19,10000.0;2006,21,25302.0;2006,22,15261.0;2006,23,9173.0;2006,24,49066.0;2006,25,26050.0;2006,28,15344.0;2006,30,28191.0;2006,4,82549.0;2006,33,13481.0;2006,34,11113.0;2006,35,31698.0;2006,36,10474.0;2006,37,15927.0;2006,39,34026.0;2006,41,8007.0;2006,43,13402.0;2006,44,26096.0;2006,173,10000.0;2006,172,44601.0;2006,171,47238.0;2006,34845,47238.0;2006,34979,40448.0;2006,170,15490.0;2006,165,45833.0;2006,163,13951.0;2006,162,44900.0;2006,128,24875.0;2006,167,12849.0;2006,161,69964.0;2006,201,7774.0;2006,65,64303.0;2006,157,11604.0;2006,156,24173.0;2006,158,15204.0;2006,155,35575.0;2006,3,67414.0;2006,152,12469.0;2006,6,72007.0;2006,149,22859.0;2006,148,23033.0;2006,139,5264.0;2006,138,40719.0;2006,137,26188.0;2006,135,23651.0;2006,134,13783.0;2006,2,91543.0;2006,133,15453.0;2006,8,37295.0;2006,14,38351.0;2006,130,8517.0;2006,131,11348.0;2006,129,21875.0;2006,208,17586.0;2006,126,20684.0;2006,122,27815.0;2006,124,28998.0;2006,123,2685.0;2006,120,7879.0;2006,119,23554.0;2006,210,59694.0;2006,118,23256.0;2006,117,12071.0;2006,115,24229.0;2006,212,40385.0;2006,114,21026.0;2006,113,52274.0;2006,112,10830.0;2006,215,30903.0;2006,110,20365.0;2006,109,12353.0;2006,142,15217.0;2006,108,59308.0;2006,107,20745.0;2006,5,83940.0;2006,220,17000.0;2006,106,68963.0;2006,104,14992.0;2006,103,11270.0;2006,102,41632.0;2006,140,20085.0;2006,217,28080.0;2006,101,25186.0;2006,98,21918.0;2006,97,13360.0;2006,11,32447.0;2006,95,23840.0;2006,226,20000.0;2006,127,33429.0;2006,111,23196.0;2006,92,27737.0;2006,12,19492.0;2006,91,8510.0;2006,90,56172.0;2006,88,34740.0;2006,85,38264.0;2006,83,41907.0;2006,82,3692.0;2006,81,27516.0;2006,9,28755.0;2006,5396,38320.0;2006,78,15534.0;2006,10,54627.0;2006,7,57987.0;2006,77,27599.0;2006,76,19967.0;2006,75,8080.0;2006,66,30098.0;2006,71,14941.0;2006,70,23595.0;2006,69,35243.0;2006,68,18000.0;2006,67,25308.0;2006,72,26000.0;2006,1,80365.0;2006,64,20667.0;2006,13,25986.0;2006,63,31603.0;2006,62,42108.0;2006,238,30137.0;2006,61,13474.0;2006,60,54946.0;2006,80,36000.0;2006,355,28505.0;2006,273,24572.0;2006,462,16896.0;2006,463,11600.0;2006,464,26380.0;2006,465,26884.0;2006,466,12212.0;2006,290,25993.0;2006,450,26023.0;2006,477,52097.0;2006,295,23697.0;2006,275,28695.0;2006,469,16242.0;2006,467,46894.0;2006,470,24768.0;2006,471,15123.0;2006,472,24003.0;2006,276,34667.0;2006,473,23440.0;2006,474,64120.0;2006,475,31991.0;2006,476,68896.0;2006,277,9364.0;2006,34981,9364.0;2006,478,17000.0;2006,318,50812.0;2006,454,16000.0;2006,34987,16544.0;2006,5398,17000.0;2006,34988,25186.0;2006,34989,23706.0;2007,95,21798.0;2007,226,23188.0;2007,127,38128.0;2007,111,12925.0;2007,92,16100.0;2007,12,21007.0;2007,91,8948.0;2007,90,56844.0;2007,88,33327.0;2007,85,38249.0;2007,83,41799.0;2007,82,3785.0;2007,81,30142.0;2007,9,35692.0;2007,5396,28258.0;2007,78,14773.0;2007,10,62571.0;2007,7,59851.0;2007,77,24231.0;2007,76,23500.0;2007,75,8250.0;2007,66,24020.0;2007,71,18762.0;2007,70,21283.0;2007,69,31953.0;2007,68,17273.0;2007,67,23420.0;2007,72,30000.0;2007,1,72246.0;2007,64,10986.0;2007,13,27046.0;2007,63,28420.0;2007,62,44818.0;2007,238,30429.0;2007,61,15441.0;2007,60,61511.0;2007,80,29998.0;2007,355,28228.0;2007,273,20442.0;2007,462,17794.0;2007,463,13799.0;2007,464,20290.0;2007,465,29845.0;2007,466,17531.0;2007,290,26232.0;2007,450,25918.0;2007,477,50662.0;2007,295,25327.0;2007,275,28770.0;2007,469,17194.0;2007,467,45803.0;2007,470,25699.0;2007,471,15723.0;2007,472,22157.0;2007,276,33780.0;2007,473,23470.0;2007,474,62119.0;2007,475,33194.0;2007,476,64905.0;2007,277,11026.0;2007,34981,11026.0;2007,478,16364.0;2007,318,48433.0;2007,454,18509.0;2007,34987,17685.0;2007,5398,16364.0;2007,34988,26385.0;2007,34989,23419.0;2007,15,18183.0;2007,16,35496.0;2007,17,12742.0;2007,19,10000.0;2007,21,26234.0;2007,22,25837.0;2007,23,10788.0;2007,24,47763.0;2007,25,26722.0;2007,28,18471.0;2007,30,32770.0;2007,4,78908.0;2007,33,12921.0;2007,34,9210.0;2007,35,34760.0;2007,36,9000.0;2007,37,22200.0;2007,39,21973.0;2007,41,8407.0;2007,43,13412.0;2007,44,23221.0;2007,173,18651.0;2007,172,47859.0;2007,171,46076.0;2007,34845,46076.0;2007,34979,42286.0;2007,170,18709.0;2007,165,46408.0;2007,163,20261.0;2007,162,48600.0;2007,128,24375.0;2007,167,12849.0;2007,161,65610.0;2007,201,8186.0;2007,65,64673.0;2007,157,8395.0;2007,156,34746.0;2007,158,16711.0;2007,155,39329.0;2007,3,62542.0;2007,152,16682.0;2007,6,69611.0;2007,149,22353.0;2007,148,22229.0;2007,139,5257.0;2007,138,35875.0;2007,137,27079.0;2007,135,21997.0;2007,134,14031.0;2007,2,84626.0;2007,133,18501.0;2007,8,34137.0;2007,14,43400.0;2007,130,10114.0;2007,131,12983.0;2007,129,30940.0;2007,208,23636.0;2007,126,19985.0;2007,122,35944.0;2007,124,22008.0;2007,123,4316.0;2007,120,7879.0;2007,119,39219.0;2007,210,55990.0;2007,118,24444.0;2007,117,22968.0;2007,115,25029.0;2007,212,42857.0;2007,114,20000.0;2007,113,50824.0;2007,112,9392.0;2007,215,24369.0;2007,110,6154.0;2007,109,11765.0;2007,142,15816.0;2007,108,51342.0;2007,107,21563.0;2007,5,72714.0;2007,220,16364.0;2007,106,84966.0;2007,104,14894.0;2007,103,16923.0;2007,102,43973.0;2007,140,19670.0;2007,217,30509.0;2007,101,27156.0;2007,98,25000.0;2007,97,12562.0;2007,11,39381.0;2008,15,12263.0;2008,16,40168.0;2008,17,11038.0;2008,19,10000.0;2008,21,28271.0;2008,22,24322.0;2008,23,15831.0;2008,24,56935.0;2008,25,27251.0;2008,28,21753.0;2008,30,39752.0;2008,4,87585.0;2008,33,17655.0;2008,34,12931.0;2008,35,37354.0;2008,36,8000.0;2008,37,25497.0;2008,39,41674.0;2008,41,8431.0;2008,43,13422.0;2008,44,28521.0;2008,173,18000.0;2008,172,45748.0;2008,171,47620.0;2008,34845,47620.0;2008,34979,44242.0;2008,170,18151.0;2008,165,54833.0;2008,163,4954.0;2008,162,57726.0;2008,128,23973.0;2008,167,12849.0;2008,161,78638.0;2008,201,7466.0;2008,65,65031.0;2008,157,3307.0;2008,156,31831.0;2008,158,16245.0;2008,155,36408.0;2008,3,71018.0;2008,152,16834.0;2008,6,80873.0;2008,149,29513.0;2008,148,21449.0;2008,139,5251.0;2008,138,50024.0;2008,137,28022.0;2008,135,15155.0;2008,134,13678.0;2008,2,89702.0;2008,133,11457.0;2008,8,38689.0;2008,14,42203.0;2008,130,6290.0;2008,131,9715.0;2008,129,25845.0;2008,208,23636.0;2008,126,19402.0;2008,122,38566.0;2008,124,28798.0;2008,123,2415.0;2008,120,7879.0;2008,119,42689.0;2008,210,66617.0;2008,118,23810.0;2008,117,16133.0;2008,115,24316.0;2008,212,48333.0;2008,114,20000.0;2008,113,50134.0;2008,112,13987.0;2008,215,34576.0;2008,110,13189.0;2008,109,12500.0;2008,142,17364.0;2008,108,61420.0;2008,107,22252.0;2008,5,87295.0;2008,220,17119.0;2008,106,81120.0;2008,104,15129.0;2008,103,16563.0;2008,102,48653.0;2008,140,13871.0;2008,217,30571.0;2008,101,24514.0;2008,98,20986.0;2008,97,13839.0;2008,11,40716.0;2008,95,23024.0;2008,226,30000.0;2008,127,40639.0;2008,111,31202.0;2008,92,34222.0;2008,12,24459.0;2008,91,12968.0;2008,90,60877.0;2008,88,42991.0;2008,85,48693.0;2008,83,45265.0;2008,82,3806.0;2008,81,28476.0;2008,9,32483.0;2008,5396,19458.0;2008,78,15654.0;2008,10,61087.0;2008,7,60062.0;2008,77,14397.0;2008,76,19866.0;2008,75,8424.0;2008,66,34101.0;2008,71,17174.0;2008,70,21980.0;2008,69,25000.0;2008,68,17273.0;2008,67,36698.0;2008,72,30000.0;2008,1,82814.0;2008,64,10046.0;2008,13,30175.0;2008,63,28560.0;2008,62,44637.0;2008,238,30133.0;2008,61,13846.0;2008,60,99387.0;2008,80,30097.0;2008,355,30874.0;2008,273,22847.0;2008,462,17165.0;2008,463,13612.0;2008,464,23873.0;2008,465,28046.0;2008,466,17456.0;2008,290,29513.0;2008,450,29665.0;2008,477,49995.0;2008,295,27293.0;2008,275,28291.0;2008,469,14037.0;2008,467,47290.0;2008,470,24965.0;2008,471,17256.0;2008,472,21570.0;2008,276,40283.0;2008,473,30151.0;2008,474,69693.0;2008,475,36078.0;2008,476,74445.0;2008,277,16035.0;2008,34981,16035.0;2008,478,17119.0;2008,318,56737.0;2008,454,15993.0;2008,34987,15225.0;2008,5398,17119.0;2008,34988,25859.0;2008,34989,22634.0;2009,95,17008.0;2009,226,23333.0;2009,127,37067.0;2009,111,20988.0;2009,92,24305.0;2009,12,23182.0;2009,91,17079.0;2009,90,58833.0;2009,88,36423.0;2009,85,40557.0;2009,83,39643.0;2009,82,3834.0;2009,81,30475.0;2009,9,27103.0;2009,5396,16042.0;2009,78,15000.0;2009,10,60776.0;2009,7,60213.0;2009,77,25754.0;2009,76,30343.0;2009,75,8659.0;2009,66,30756.0;2009,71,21038.0;2009,70,25432.0;2009,69,19767.0;2009,68,16667.0;2009,67,30930.0;2009,72,30000.0;2009,1,79301.0;2009,64,5521.0;2009,13,29897.0;2009,63,33583.0;2009,62,46679.0;2009,238,28986.0;2009,61,18901.0;2009,60,56991.0;2009,80,30000.0;2009,355,30389.0;2009,273,25252.0;2009,462,17710.0;2009,463,13340.0;2009,464,27068.0;2009,465,29704.0;2009,466,17702.0;2009,290,27980.0;2009,450,29237.0;2009,477,49556.0;2009,295,21413.0;2009,275,29581.0;2009,469,15850.0;2009,467,46869.0;2009,470,26629.0;2009,471,17498.0;2009,472,25335.0;2009,276,37415.0;2009,473,27043.0;2009,474,66247.0;2009,475,32111.0;2009,476,75491.0;2009,277,15937.0;2009,34981,15937.0;2009,478,17685.0;2009,318,54023.0;2009,454,18803.0;2009,34987,17125.0;2009,5398,17685.0;2009,34988,27572.0;2009,34989,25367.0;2009,15,19666.0;2009,16,40229.0;2009,17,15975.0;2009,19,10000.0;2009,21,19628.0;2009,22,22374.0;2009,23,15706.0;2009,24,49295.0;2009,25,25946.0;2009,28,21516.0;2009,30,35428.0;2009,4,94652.0;2009,33,14371.0;2009,34,12862.0;2009,35,37751.0;2009,37,20802.0;2009,39,31873.0;2009,41,8583.0;2009,43,13433.0;2009,44,27855.0;2009,173,20000.0;2009,172,40809.0;2009,171,47390.0;2009,34845,47390.0;2009,34979,44938.0;2009,170,16946.0;2009,165,51896.0;2009,163,25499.0;2009,162,52425.0;2009,128,22624.0;2009,167,12851.0;2009,161,80373.0;2009,201,8617.0;2009,65,63829.0;2009,157,10706.0;2009,156,30146.0;2009,158,18269.0;2009,155,41027.0;2009,3,74469.0;2009,152,10737.0;2009,6,78091.0;2009,149,26218.0;2009,148,23704.0;2009,139,5244.0;2009,138,38546.0;2009,137,29071.0;2009,135,20285.0;2009,134,18756.0;2009,2,81657.0;2009,133,20646.0;2009,8,35859.0;2009,14,32367.0;2009,130,7862.0;2009,131,11900.0;2009,129,16665.0;2009,208,23333.0;2009,126,26285.0;2009,122,36276.0;2009,124,27990.0;2009,123,3473.0;2009,120,7895.0;2009,119,42004.0;2009,210,65677.0;2009,118,23798.0;2009,117,15006.0;2009,115,29665.0;2009,212,49286.0;2009,114,19780.0;2009,113,49688.0;2009,112,15593.0;2009,215,35981.0;2009,110,21398.0;2009,109,12500.0;2009,142,17601.0;2009,108,67214.0;2009,107,19338.0;2009,5,92919.0;2009,220,17685.0;2009,106,74875.0;2009,104,15088.0;2009,103,16667.0;2009,102,34075.0;2009,140,13636.0;2009,217,30975.0;2009,101,26568.0;2009,98,21000.0;2009,97,14315.0;2009,11,41725.0;2010,15,19252.0;2010,16,39905.0;2010,17,14838.0;2010,19,10526.0;2010,21,27113.0;2010,22,21192.0;2010,23,16390.0;2010,24,50117.0;2010,25,19381.0;2010,28,23959.0;2010,30,28851.0;2010,4,88272.0;2010,33,21637.0;2010,34,13920.0;2010,35,26621.0;2010,37,28288.0;2010,39,35992.0;2010,41,7358.0;2010,43,13846.0;2010,44,28085.0;2010,173,25007.0;2010,172,57658.0;2010,171,47484.0;2010,34845,47486.0;2010,34979,27253.0;2010,170,17697.0;2010,165,40415.0;2010,163,24995.0;2010,162,49923.0;2010,128,21918.0;2010,167,12854.0;2010,161,66264.0;2010,201,8912.0;2010,65,55741.0;2010,157,9410.0;2010,156,27368.0;2010,158,18385.0;2010,155,34299.0;2010,3,64419.0;2010,152,10189.0;2010,6,73102.0;2010,149,32609.0;2010,148,22021.0;2010,139,5238.0;2010,138,37038.0;2010,137,28395.0;2010,135,19190.0;2010,134,19872.0;2010,2,85990.0;2010,133,17507.0;2010,8,37421.0;2010,14,27612.0;2010,130,10307.0;2010,131,7336.0;2010,129,31991.0;2010,208,23478.0;2010,126,21674.0;2010,122,34617.0;2010,124,27815.0;2010,123,14693.0;2010,120,7762.0;2010,119,33045.0;2010,210,59586.0;2010,118,23884.0;2010,117,15123.0;2010,115,25001.0;2010,212,47688.0;2010,114,20820.0;2010,113,54185.0;2010,112,13805.0;2010,215,33583.0;2010,110,17095.0;2010,109,13367.0;2010,142,18137.0;2010,108,61929.0;2010,107,21289.0;2010,5,89092.0;2010,220,17670.0;2010,106,81241.0;2010,104,18119.0;2010,103,14685.0;2010,102,45970.0;2010,140,17892.0;2010,217,41264.0;2010,101,25528.0;2010,98,25000.0;2010,97,14224.0;2010,11,39432.0;2010,95,14305.0;2010,226,22500.0;2010,127,31173.0;2010,111,22872.0;2010,92,27000.0;2010,12,19181.0;2010,91,15631.0;2010,90,61474.0;2010,88,33672.0;2010,85,34646.0;2010,83,48044.0;2010,82,3868.0;2010,81,25623.0;2010,9,30498.0;2010,5396,17935.0;2010,78,15000.0;2010,10,53966.0;2010,7,57490.0;2010,77,19280.0;2010,76,30159.0;2010,75,8953.0;2010,66,30443.0;2010,71,18923.0;2010,70,24400.0;2010,69,17007.0;2010,68,16667.0;2010,67,26816.0;2010,72,59184.0;2010,1,76730.0;2010,64,11429.0;2010,13,31167.0;2010,63,32196.0;2010,62,45910.0;2010,238,28949.0;2010,61,17843.0;2010,60,63118.0;2010,80,27823.0;2010,355,29725.0;2010,273,22969.0;2010,462,19671.0;2010,463,12858.0;2010,464,23813.0;2010,465,25495.0;2010,466,15922.0;2010,290,30269.0;2010,450,30240.0;2010,477,54004.0;2010,295,28101.0;2010,275,28552.0;2010,469,12114.0;2010,467,46895.0;2010,470,25913.0;2010,471,18026.0;2010,472,23409.0;2010,276,35754.0;2010,473,24317.0;2010,474,61128.0;2010,475,33762.0;2010,476,67658.0;2010,277,16652.0;2010,34981,16652.0;2010,478,17670.0;2010,318,51575.0;2010,454,19475.0;2010,34987,14451.0;2010,5398,17670.0;2010,34988,26936.0;2010,34989,24197.0;2011,95,12002.0;2011,226,23636.0;2011,127,33484.0;2011,111,26376.0;2011,92,36650.0;2011,12,22645.0;2011,91,20478.0;2011,90,61429.0;2011,88,42114.0;2011,85,44953.0;2011,83,51770.0;2011,82,3900.0;2011,81,33157.0;2011,9,34475.0;2011,5396,15982.0;2011,78,16831.0;2011,10,53786.0;2011,7,62952.0;2011,77,25366.0;2011,76,23359.0;2011,75,9286.0;2011,66,33458.0;2011,71,20791.0;2011,70,27038.0;2011,69,30189.0;2011,68,17692.0;2011,67,33533.0;2011,72,49618.0;2011,1,77486.0;2011,64,10404.0;2011,13,29422.0;2011,63,33979.0;2011,62,47847.0;2011,238,29372.0;2011,61,18667.0;2011,60,63068.0;2011,80,26530.0;2011,355,31645.0;2011,273,25451.0;2011,462,20322.0;2011,463,10590.0;2011,464,26391.0;2011,465,32526.0;2011,466,14401.0;2011,290,30516.0;2011,450,29468.0;2011,477,54586.0;2011,295,31965.0;2011,275,30672.0;2011,469,19849.0;2011,467,47791.0;2011,470,26587.0;2011,471,17977.0;2011,472,26241.0;2011,276,37527.0;2011,473,28279.0;2011,474,60934.0;2011,475,35997.0;2011,476,65149.0;2011,277,20505.0;2011,34981,20505.0;2011,478,17642.0;2011,318,52593.0;2011,454,18698.0;2011,34987,19878.0;2011,5398,17642.0;2011,34988,28460.0;2011,34989,26059.0;2011,15,15179.0;2011,16,42301.0;2011,17,15277.0;2011,19,10959.0;2011,21,35063.0;2011,22,28800.0;2011,23,20301.0;2011,24,58549.0;2011,25,25089.0;2011,28,26012.0;2011,30,33088.0;2011,4,84046.0;2011,33,26686.0;2011,34,9731.0;2011,35,35960.0;2011,37,26602.0;2011,39,39191.0;2011,41,7061.0;2011,43,13971.0;2011,44,29568.0;2011,173,4923.0;2011,172,58060.0;2011,171,48374.0;2011,34845,48376.0;2011,34979,21630.0;2011,170,15964.0;2011,165,52237.0;2011,163,31232.0;2011,162,56921.0;2011,128,20159.0;2011,167,12964.0;2011,161,64672.0;2011,201,9249.0;2011,65,65428.0;2011,157,9325.0;2011,156,27960.0;2011,158,20288.0;2011,155,38288.0;2011,3,61788.0;2011,152,20684.0;2011,6,70139.0;2011,149,27005.0;2011,148,20957.0;2011,139,5231.0;2011,138,41994.0;2011,137,29886.0;2011,135,13608.0;2011,134,19552.0;2011,2,98620.0;2011,133,20129.0;2011,8,38335.0;2011,14,35286.0;2011,130,13818.0;2011,131,16609.0;2011,129,20415.0;2011,208,23108.0;2011,126,21445.0;2011,122,30462.0;2011,124,28466.0;2011,123,9965.0;2011,120,7696.0;2011,119,33914.0;2011,210,55290.0;2011,118,23835.0;2011,117,15214.0;2011,115,34378.0;2011,212,48018.0;2011,114,16018.0;2011,113,54778.0;2011,112,14961.0;2011,215,32354.0;2011,110,19488.0;2011,109,17042.0;2011,142,18088.0;2011,108,62151.0;2011,107,22747.0;2011,5,77812.0;2011,220,17642.0;2011,106,72858.0;2011,104,18861.0;2011,103,12796.0;2011,102,38511.0;2011,140,16218.0;2011,217,33064.0;2011,101,28328.0;2011,98,25049.0;2011,97,14719.0;2011,11,41348.0;2012,15,20104.0;2012,16,41096.0;2012,17,17639.0;2012,19,11282.0;2012,21,32199.0;2012,22,26010.0;2012,23,21511.0;2012,24,41385.0;2012,25,26879.0;2012,28,27789.0;2012,30,35822.0;2012,4,84522.0;2012,33,22471.0;2012,34,9186.0;2012,35,37082.0;2012,37,23100.0;2012,39,37596.0;2012,41,4448.0;2012,43,12308.0;2012,44,28645.0;2012,173,25000.0;2012,172,49468.0;2012,171,50135.0;2012,34845,50136.0;2012,34979,33442.0;2012,170,15196.0;2012,165,53473.0;2012,163,26811.0;2012,162,43156.0;2012,128,14800.0;2012,167,13105.0;2012,161,73687.0;2012,201,7995.0;2012,65,65823.0;2012,157,9612.0;2012,156,38994.0;2012,158,21102.0;2012,155,39028.0;2012,3,71439.0;2012,152,16989.0;2012,6,73312.0;2012,149,26663.0;2012,148,21957.0;2012,139,5225.0;2012,138,37485.0;2012,137,31775.0;2012,135,13482.0;2012,134,24181.0;2012,2,72245.0;2012,133,27825.0;2012,8,41293.0;2012,14,41004.0;2012,130,12391.0;2012,131,6829.0;2012,129,29720.0;2012,208,38667.0;2012,126,16751.0;2012,122,43695.0;2012,124,28977.0;2012,123,8641.0;2012,120,7817.0;2012,119,47829.0;2012,210,58665.0;2012,118,23895.0;2012,117,15104.0;2012,115,40285.0;2012,212,47818.0;2012,114,21278.0;2012,113,56568.0;2012,112,15650.0;2012,215,27827.0;2012,110,12342.0;2012,109,9958.0;2012,142,18293.0;2012,108,62561.0;2012,107,24123.0;2012,5,85870.0;2012,220,17614.0;2012,106,89080.0;2012,104,30090.0;2012,103,11192.0;2012,102,41011.0;2012,140,19993.0;2012,217,46512.0;2012,101,27138.0;2012,98,26010.0;2012,97,14891.0;2012,11,41438.0;2012,95,10766.0;2012,226,22857.0;2012,127,39098.0;2012,111,15760.0;2012,92,26593.0;2012,12,17727.0;2012,91,21680.0;2012,90,59254.0;2012,88,39770.0;2012,85,32856.0;2012,83,54376.0;2012,82,4000.0;2012,81,37476.0;2012,9,23718.0;2012,79,17297.0;2012,78,20000.0;2012,10,62379.0;2012,7,57763.0;2012,77,22517.0;2012,76,26758.0;2012,75,8696.0;2012,66,26956.0;2012,71,20203.0;2012,70,26723.0;2012,69,29669.0;2012,68,14286.0;2012,67,27999.0;2012,72,33757.0;2012,1,66571.0;2012,64,9915.0;2012,13,31154.0;2012,63,21822.0;2012,62,47315.0;2012,238,29863.0;2012,61,18095.0;2012,60,68135.0;2012,80,24705.0;2012,355,30700.0;2012,273,23951.0;2012,462,21653.0;2012,463,15556.0;2012,464,23819.0;2012,465,36907.0;2012,466,14593.0;2012,290,30394.0;2012,450,30341.0;2012,477,56340.0;2012,295,28722.0;2012,275,30118.0;2012,469,11287.0;2012,467,49567.0;2012,470,27742.0;2012,471,18182.0;2012,472,26123.0;2012,276,35529.0;2012,473,23601.0;2012,474,60345.0;2012,475,32747.0;2012,476,71449.0;2012,277,21777.0;2012,34981,21777.0;2012,478,17614.0;2012,318,51775.0;2012,454,21194.0;2012,34987,14421.0;2012,5398,17614.0;2012,34988,29579.0;2012,34989,25152.0;2013,95,17635.0;2013,226,22632.0;2013,127,25852.0;2013,111,27551.0;2013,92,34786.0;2013,12,22288.0;2013,91,19924.0;2013,90,64333.0;2013,88,42592.0;2013,85,45808.0;2013,83,43528.0;2013,82,4000.0;2013,81,36993.0;2013,9,36447.0;2013,79,19534.0;2013,78,20000.0;2013,10,57792.0;2013,7,53833.0;2013,77,23158.0;2013,76,29735.0;2013,75,12500.0;2013,66,31978.0;2013,71,14614.0;2013,70,28451.0;2013,69,34929.0;2013,68,14286.0;2013,67,33931.0;2013,72,31509.0;2013,1,73814.0;2013,64,9700.0;2013,13,31673.0;2013,63,33177.0;2013,62,47393.0;2013,238,29815.0;2013,61,16915.0;2013,60,65435.0;2013,80,23160.0;2013,355,32603.0;2013,273,27906.0;2013,462,24224.0;2013,463,12590.0;2013,464,28522.0;2013,465,36582.0;2013,466,13028.0;2013,290,32538.0;2013,450,33221.0;2013,477,52735.0;2013,295,27728.0;2013,275,31287.0;2013,469,15560.0;2013,467,49956.0;2013,470,27910.0;2013,471,18528.0;2013,472,27055.0;2013,276,39070.0;2013,473,28642.0;2013,474,60536.0;2013,475,37118.0;2013,476,74949.0;2013,277,17886.0;2013,34981,17886.0;2013,478,17586.0;2013,318,55779.0;2013,454,22296.0;2013,34987,17907.0;2013,5398,17586.0;2013,34988,29833.0;2013,34989,27253.0;2013,15,20248.0;2013,16,41292.0;2013,17,19100.0;2013,19,9035.0;2013,21,26581.0;2013,22,31273.0;2013,23,17609.0;2013,24,53740.0;2013,25,26719.0;2013,28,30138.0;2013,30,30610.0;2013,4,89349.0;2013,33,23392.0;2013,34,11167.0;2013,35,39206.0;2013,37,27491.0;2013,39,41885.0;2013,41,7276.0;2013,43,12879.0;2013,44,35943.0;2013,173,26421.0;2013,172,58143.0;2013,171,50553.0;2013,34845,50556.0;2013,34979,19889.0;2013,170,16938.0;2013,165,48846.0;2013,163,21935.0;2013,162,56676.0;2013,128,15000.0;2013,167,13034.0;2013,161,72992.0;2013,201,7064.0;2013,65,66682.0;2013,157,12000.0;2013,156,32754.0;2013,158,24446.0;2013,155,38215.0;2013,3,72656.0;2013,152,18367.0;2013,6,79979.0;2013,149,27842.0;2013,148,20208.0;2013,139,5218.0;2013,138,46386.0;2013,137,31538.0;2013,135,14538.0;2013,134,23068.0;2013,2,89934.0;2013,133,23715.0;2013,8,38441.0;2013,14,38616.0;2013,130,13807.0;2013,131,10762.0;2013,129,27602.0;2013,208,22500.0;2013,126,23654.0;2013,122,38857.0;2013,124,29088.0;2013,123,12345.0;2013,120,7805.0;2013,119,43022.0;2013,210,63676.0;2013,118,23956.0;2013,117,14058.0;2013,115,39754.0;2013,212,48194.0;2013,114,21172.0;2013,113,52934.0;2013,112,13369.0;2013,215,34357.0;2013,110,21640.0;2013,109,10951.0;2013,142,18600.0;2013,108,62941.0;2013,107,22902.0;2013,5,87412.0;2013,220,17586.0;2013,106,91055.0;2013,104,30090.0;2013,103,10000.0;2013,102,38841.0;2013,140,24032.0;2013,217,36745.0;2013,101,27957.0;2013,98,26000.0;2013,97,14976.0;2013,11,44367.0;2014,15,20237.0;2014,16,40001.0;2014,17,14753.0;2014,19,8249.0;2014,21,26670.0;2014,22,32260.0;2014,23,20061.0;2014,24,59217.0;2014,25,23975.0;2014,28,30319.0;2014,30,39424.0;2014,4,94129.0;2014,33,22341.0;2014,34,16571.0;2014,35,28640.0;2014,37,22088.0;2014,39,42172.0;2014,41,5763.0;2014,43,13231.0;2014,44,30946.0;2014,173,13006.0;2014,172,53290.0;2014,171,52433.0;2014,34845,52435.0;2014,34979,30833.0;2014,170,14785.0;2014,165,41560.0;2014,163,7245.0;2014,162,65104.0;2014,128,18567.0;2014,167,13055.0;2014,161,77833.0;2014,201,11204.0;2014,65,65119.0;2014,157,9947.0;2014,156,39864.0;2014,158,25433.0;2014,155,40696.0;2014,3,73530.0;2014,152,12519.0;2014,6,86296.0;2014,149,30236.0;2014,148,21118.0;2014,139,5212.0;2014,138,47288.0;2014,137,31457.0;2014,135,14521.0;2014,134,23964.0;2014,2,100140.0;2014,133,20503.0;2014,8,38107.0;2014,14,40094.0;2014,130,11926.0;2014,131,10901.0;2014,129,22324.0;2014,208,40000.0;2014,126,16893.0;2014,122,37474.0;2014,124,29364.0;2014,123,9104.0;2014,120,7794.0;2014,119,45630.0;2014,210,61541.0;2014,118,24016.0;2014,117,12790.0;2014,115,44420.0;2014,212,48569.0;2014,114,20203.0;2014,113,51935.0;2014,112,16800.0;2014,215,29215.0;2014,110,17132.0;2014,109,10900.0;2014,142,18955.0;2014,108,66667.0;2014,107,24960.0;2014,5,91698.0;2014,220,17558.0;2014,106,86269.0;2014,104,18978.0;2014,103,10000.0;2014,102,49211.0;2014,140,19599.0;2014,217,36631.0;2014,101,28241.0;2014,98,15000.0;2014,97,15554.0;2014,11,49721.0;2014,95,20657.0;2014,226,25000.0;2014,127,32603.0;2014,111,31667.0;2014,92,35984.0;2014,12,24976.0;2014,91,20077.0;2014,90,42838.0;2014,88,39474.0;2014,85,54640.0;2014,83,52302.0;2014,82,3968.0;2014,81,36721.0;2014,9,29806.0;2014,79,21219.0;2014,78,18088.0;2014,10,68060.0;2014,7,62346.0;2014,77,15718.0;2014,76,29681.0;2014,75,10913.0;2014,66,37550.0;2014,71,20933.0;2014,70,24294.0;2014,69,30147.0;2014,68,15714.0;2014,67,40119.0;2014,72,31078.0;2014,1,85775.0;2014,64,16573.0;2014,13,29378.0;2014,63,26967.0;2014,62,47821.0;2014,238,29815.0;2014,61,17206.0;2014,60,71559.0;2014,80,21616.0;2014,355,33074.0;2014,273,26257.0;2014,462,24770.0;2014,463,11458.0;2014,464,26178.0;2014,465,36022.0;2014,466,14796.0;2014,290,29178.0;2014,450,29904.0;2014,477,51761.0;2014,295,24570.0;2014,275,31321.0;2014,469,15682.0;2014,467,51866.0;2014,470,27749.0;2014,471,18858.0;2014,472,23432.0;2014,276,42481.0;2014,473,32058.0;2014,474,68492.0;2014,475,34251.0;2014,476,78117.0;2014,277,20311.0;2014,34981,20311.0;2014,478,17558.0;2014,318,58932.0;2014,454,22925.0;2014,34987,18038.0;2014,5398,17558.0;2014,34988,29681.0;2014,34989,27045.0
23867;1961,16,7059.0;1961,17,7959.0;1961,19,4783.0;1961,21,10601.0;1961,23,5525.0;1961,24,17009.0;1961,28,7236.0;1961,34978,21000.0;1961,31,5479.0;1961,32,2874.0;1961,34,3333.0;1961,37,6760.0;1961,39,3486.0;1961,41,10952.0;1961,42,5500.0;1961,43,4200.0;1961,44,11874.0;1961,173,2703.0;1961,172,9698.0;1961,171,6877.0;1961,34845,6871.0;1961,34979,7614.0;1961,170,5388.0;1961,168,5405.0;1961,166,3984.0;1961,164,5003.0;1961,163,12700.0;1961,267,6699.0;1961,128,5660.0;1961,167,4878.0;1961,160,6508.0;1961,201,5292.0;1961,65,13684.0;1961,259,4881.0;1961,34982,7001.0;1961,3,9076.0;1961,6,18841.0;1961,149,7042.0;1961,206,8000.0;1961,148,6431.0;1961,145,4213.0;1961,139,6128.0;1961,138,7589.0;1961,137,2577.0;1961,136,11111.0;1961,135,13468.0;1961,134,5811.0;1961,8,5124.0;1961,132,5641.0;1961,14,14064.0;1961,129,4783.0;1961,125,5000.0;1961,124,15000.0;1961,123,2800.0;1961,118,8644.0;1961,117,5161.0;1961,212,4686.0;1961,113,4473.0;1961,110,9400.0;1961,142,5007.0;1961,107,5926.0;1961,5,20369.0;1961,105,7655.0;1961,101,3826.0;1961,100,2687.0;1961,98,8000.0;1961,97,9525.0;1961,96,4921.0;1961,11,12857.0;1961,95,1598.0;1961,93,3798.0;1961,127,5041.0;1961,245,12308.0;1961,92,939.0;1961,91,6604.0;1961,82,2500.0;1961,81,7397.0;1961,9,6341.0;1961,141,4738.0;1961,5396,17890.0;1961,78,4272.0;1961,10,20000.0;1961,77,12852.0;1961,75,11300.0;1961,3897,5625.0;1961,74,2791.0;1961,70,11754.0;1961,68,7143.0;1961,64,4145.0;1961,13,15413.0;1961,63,5853.0;1961,270,7258.0;1961,238,4915.0;1961,84,3569.0;1961,34980,2268.0;1961,80,6000.0;1961,355,4932.0;1961,273,5874.0;1961,462,6934.0;1961,463,4175.0;1961,464,13305.0;1961,465,7028.0;1961,466,2853.0;1961,290,6933.0;1961,450,15258.0;1961,477,4663.0;1961,436,4837.0;1961,295,6807.0;1961,275,4568.0;1961,467,7212.0;1961,470,2701.0;1961,471,7355.0;1961,472,11476.0;1961,276,2746.0;1961,473,1677.0;1961,474,20000.0;1961,475,3228.0;1961,476,10224.0;1961,277,5525.0;1961,34981,5525.0;1961,318,2808.0;1961,454,5794.0;1961,34987,7179.0;1961,5398,4844.0;1961,34988,3362.0;1961,34989,5689.0;1962,132,5750.0;1962,14,10707.0;1962,129,4783.0;1962,125,5000.0;1962,124,23333.0;1962,123,2800.0;1962,118,7167.0;1962,117,5231.0;1962,212,11920.0;1962,113,3917.0;1962,110,5770.0;1962,142,5487.0;1962,107,6071.0;1962,5,23616.0;1962,105,7473.0;1962,101,3889.0;1962,100,2645.0;1962,98,7534.0;1962,97,9655.0;1962,96,6047.0;1962,11,11875.0;1962,95,1352.0;1962,93,3797.0;1962,127,5289.0;1962,245,12308.0;1962,92,539.0;1962,91,7688.0;1962,82,933.0;1962,81,6786.0;1962,9,5004.0;1962,141,2822.0;1962,5396,12708.0;1962,78,5000.0;1962,10,13000.0;1962,77,11854.0;1962,75,10932.0;1962,3897,6471.0;1962,74,2992.0;1962,70,10887.0;1962,68,7143.0;1962,64,4208.0;1962,13,14049.0;1962,63,6000.0;1962,270,7971.0;1962,238,5186.0;1962,84,3696.0;1962,34980,2204.0;1962,80,6677.0;1962,355,4996.0;1962,273,6014.0;1962,462,6993.0;1962,463,4581.0;1962,464,9910.0;1962,465,6413.0;1962,466,2891.0;1962,290,6402.0;1962,450,14052.0;1962,477,4185.0;1962,436,4833.0;1962,295,6400.0;1962,275,5058.0;1962,467,8219.0;1962,470,2797.0;1962,471,7787.0;1962,472,10771.0;1962,276,2342.0;1962,473,1287.0;1962,474,13000.0;1962,475,2868.0;1962,476,9960.0;1962,277,11001.0;1962,34981,11001.0;1962,318,2239.0;1962,454,6012.0;1962,34987,7612.0;1962,5398,4849.0;1962,34988,3462.0;1962,34989,5887.0;1962,16,7031.0;1962,17,8333.0;1962,19,5043.0;1962,21,10686.0;1962,23,11001.0;1962,24,15083.0;1962,28,6759.0;1962,34978,25796.0;1962,31,5452.0;1962,32,2845.0;1962,34,3600.0;1962,37,6295.0;1962,39,2126.0;1962,41,10952.0;1962,42,5813.0;1962,43,4000.0;1962,44,14118.0;1962,173,4000.0;1962,172,9904.0;1962,171,8279.0;1962,34845,8286.0;1962,34979,7224.0;1962,170,5474.0;1962,168,5366.0;1962,166,3850.0;1962,164,5000.0;1962,163,12115.0;1962,267,6785.0;1962,128,5952.0;1962,167,5079.0;1962,160,6474.0;1962,201,4773.0;1962,65,23810.0;1962,259,5578.0;1962,34982,7000.0;1962,3,8428.0;1962,6,20266.0;1962,149,4848.0;1962,206,8000.0;1962,148,6504.0;1962,145,4244.0;1962,139,6298.0;1962,138,13006.0;1962,137,2683.0;1962,136,11397.0;1962,135,13591.0;1962,134,6309.0;1962,8,4704.0;1963,16,7008.0;1963,17,7647.0;1963,19,5217.0;1963,21,11498.0;1963,23,5151.0;1963,24,17978.0;1963,28,7024.0;1963,34978,27556.0;1963,31,7869.0;1963,32,2270.0;1963,34,3627.0;1963,37,6513.0;1963,39,3066.0;1963,41,10476.0;1963,42,4000.0;1963,43,4200.0;1963,44,14059.0;1963,173,3810.0;1963,172,9060.0;1963,171,7843.0;1963,34845,7857.0;1963,34979,6112.0;1963,170,5844.0;1963,168,5455.0;1963,166,4043.0;1963,164,4615.0;1963,163,9190.0;1963,267,6930.0;1963,128,5977.0;1963,167,5234.0;1963,160,6586.0;1963,201,5078.0;1963,65,14286.0;1963,259,5205.0;1963,34982,7000.0;1963,3,10840.0;1963,6,21170.0;1963,149,5432.0;1963,206,8000.0;1963,148,6503.0;1963,145,4211.0;1963,139,6473.0;1963,138,8580.0;1963,137,2593.0;1963,136,11154.0;1963,135,13712.0;1963,134,7155.0;1963,8,6283.0;1963,132,6000.0;1963,14,12607.0;1963,129,4783.0;1963,125,5000.0;1963,124,14000.0;1963,123,3200.0;1963,118,7953.0;1963,117,5217.0;1963,212,6824.0;1963,113,3959.0;1963,110,6595.0;1963,142,5235.0;1963,107,5862.0;1963,5,22453.0;1963,105,8424.0;1963,101,4178.0;1963,100,2847.0;1963,98,8000.0;1963,97,9397.0;1963,96,5558.0;1963,11,11739.0;1963,95,1412.0;1963,93,3798.0;1963,127,5040.0;1963,245,12308.0;1963,92,477.0;1963,91,8027.0;1963,82,1364.0;1963,81,6032.0;1963,9,5493.0;1963,141,3876.0;1963,5396,10767.0;1963,78,2763.0;1963,10,14969.0;1963,77,8858.0;1963,75,11731.0;1963,3897,7222.0;1963,74,2858.0;1963,70,12667.0;1963,68,7857.0;1963,64,4234.0;1963,13,16153.0;1963,63,6000.0;1963,270,7000.0;1963,238,4723.0;1963,84,3078.0;1963,34980,2111.0;1963,80,6333.0;1963,355,4904.0;1963,273,6003.0;1963,462,7043.0;1963,463,4673.0;1963,464,9072.0;1963,465,5751.0;1963,466,2468.0;1963,290,6668.0;1963,450,16051.0;1963,477,4263.0;1963,436,4690.0;1963,295,6572.0;1963,275,4695.0;1963,467,7928.0;1963,470,2711.0;1963,471,7384.0;1963,472,12211.0;1963,276,2459.0;1963,473,1248.0;1963,474,14969.0;1963,475,3143.0;1963,476,12137.0;1963,277,5151.0;1963,34981,5151.0;1963,318,2432.0;1963,454,5900.0;1963,34987,7607.0;1963,5398,4725.0;1963,34988,3396.0;1963,34989,5792.0;1964,132,5789.0;1964,14,7661.0;1964,129,4783.0;1964,125,5000.0;1964,124,13636.0;1964,123,2000.0;1964,118,8142.0;1964,117,5205.0;1964,212,16808.0;1964,113,4264.0;1964,110,7512.0;1964,142,5419.0;1964,107,6000.0;1964,5,25452.0;1964,105,8140.0;1964,101,4502.0;1964,100,2459.0;1964,98,7600.0;1964,97,9672.0;1964,96,4442.0;1964,11,11481.0;1964,95,1510.0;1964,93,5341.0;1964,127,5513.0;1964,245,12308.0;1964,92,518.0;1964,91,6465.0;1964,82,2833.0;1964,81,6154.0;1964,9,5247.0;1964,141,3771.0;1964,5396,14660.0;1964,78,2705.0;1964,10,10000.0;1964,77,10224.0;1964,75,11055.0;1964,3897,6690.0;1964,74,2222.0;1964,70,12727.0;1964,68,8000.0;1964,64,4279.0;1964,13,13886.0;1964,63,5516.0;1964,270,9429.0;1964,238,4191.0;1964,84,3396.0;1964,34980,2230.0;1964,80,5667.0;1964,355,4901.0;1964,273,6132.0;1964,462,6954.0;1964,463,4883.0;1964,464,12488.0;1964,465,5625.0;1964,466,2399.0;1964,290,6290.0;1964,450,13921.0;1964,477,4519.0;1964,436,4731.0;1964,295,6282.0;1964,275,4788.0;1964,467,7913.0;1964,470,2923.0;1964,471,7369.0;1964,472,12283.0;1964,276,2490.0;1964,473,1405.0;1964,474,10000.0;1964,475,3255.0;1964,476,10855.0;1964,277,5939.0;1964,34981,5939.0;1964,318,2396.0;1964,454,5996.0;1964,34987,7456.0;1964,5398,4763.0;1964,34988,3566.0;1964,34989,5899.0;1964,16,6989.0;1964,17,7402.0;1964,19,5250.0;1964,21,9611.0;1964,23,5939.0;1964,24,18973.0;1964,28,7304.0;1964,34978,31525.0;1964,31,7181.0;1964,32,2550.0;1964,34,3673.0;1964,37,6231.0;1964,39,3389.0;1964,41,10652.0;1964,42,4000.0;1964,43,4889.0;1964,44,14518.0;1964,173,3810.0;1964,172,10012.0;1964,171,8215.0;1964,34845,8214.0;1964,34979,8299.0;1964,170,5526.0;1964,168,5556.0;1964,166,3992.0;1964,164,4355.0;1964,163,10886.0;1964,267,6806.0;1964,128,5915.0;1964,167,5385.0;1964,160,6673.0;1964,201,4410.0;1964,65,17007.0;1964,259,5790.0;1964,34982,7101.0;1964,3,9134.0;1964,6,18701.0;1964,149,6961.0;1964,206,9000.0;1964,148,6500.0;1964,145,4232.0;1964,139,6649.0;1964,138,11020.0;1964,137,2809.0;1964,136,11111.0;1964,135,13484.0;1964,134,7995.0;1964,8,6803.0;1965,16,6966.0;1965,17,6147.0;1965,19,5043.0;1965,21,10226.0;1965,23,2026.0;1965,24,18369.0;1965,28,7216.0;1965,34978,18401.0;1965,31,6634.0;1965,32,2952.0;1965,34,3654.0;1965,37,6997.0;1965,39,2153.0;1965,41,10435.0;1965,42,4004.0;1965,43,4556.0;1965,44,15047.0;1965,173,4118.0;1965,172,10077.0;1965,171,8390.0;1965,34845,8393.0;1965,34979,8055.0;1965,170,5263.0;1965,168,5532.0;1965,166,4009.0;1965,164,4167.0;1965,163,17780.0;1965,267,9194.0;1965,128,5882.0;1965,167,5489.0;1965,160,6699.0;1965,201,5757.0;1965,65,17316.0;1965,259,7035.0;1965,34982,7200.0;1965,3,10500.0;1965,6,25025.0;1965,149,6853.0;1965,206,10000.0;1965,148,6503.0;1965,145,4319.0;1965,139,6822.0;1965,138,9520.0;1965,137,2401.0;1965,136,11250.0;1965,135,13666.0;1965,134,9170.0;1965,8,5788.0;1965,132,5714.0;1965,14,12079.0;1965,129,4783.0;1965,125,5000.0;1965,124,13600.0;1965,123,2296.0;1965,118,7750.0;1965,117,5195.0;1965,212,20282.0;1965,113,4061.0;1965,110,6837.0;1965,142,4844.0;1965,107,5882.0;1965,5,19332.0;1965,105,8333.0;1965,101,4186.0;1965,100,2774.0;1965,98,7492.0;1965,97,8972.0;1965,96,4367.0;1965,11,13889.0;1965,95,1243.0;1965,93,5198.0;1965,127,4955.0;1965,245,17500.0;1965,92,514.0;1965,91,6890.0;1965,82,3077.0;1965,81,6818.0;1965,9,5265.0;1965,141,4700.0;1965,5396,14796.0;1965,78,3333.0;1965,10,17000.0;1965,77,9048.0;1965,75,10555.0;1965,3897,6557.0;1965,74,2721.0;1965,70,12727.0;1965,68,8667.0;1965,64,4775.0;1965,13,12302.0;1965,63,6000.0;1965,270,12321.0;1965,238,4234.0;1965,84,3567.0;1965,34980,1775.0;1965,80,4286.0;1965,355,4943.0;1965,273,6298.0;1965,462,7174.0;1965,463,4872.0;1965,464,12231.0;1965,465,6395.0;1965,466,2843.0;1965,290,6514.0;1965,450,12465.0;1965,477,4346.0;1965,436,4714.0;1965,295,6983.0;1965,275,4687.0;1965,467,8316.0;1965,470,2529.0;1965,471,7320.0;1965,472,12395.0;1965,276,2327.0;1965,473,1437.0;1965,474,17000.0;1965,475,2824.0;1965,476,11937.0;1965,277,2026.0;1965,34981,2026.0;1965,318,2308.0;1965,454,6072.0;1965,34987,7548.0;1965,5398,4750.0;1965,34988,3294.0;1965,34989,5941.0;1966,132,6250.0;1966,14,8113.0;1966,129,4783.0;1966,125,5000.0;1966,124,14000.0;1966,123,3337.0;1966,120,20000.0;1966,118,7546.0;1966,117,5250.0;1966,212,7509.0;1966,113,4523.0;1966,110,4129.0;1966,142,4767.0;1966,107,6000.0;1966,5,20307.0;1966,105,8347.0;1966,101,4531.0;1966,100,3122.0;1966,98,6000.0;1966,97,8758.0;1966,96,4082.0;1966,11,14634.0;1966,95,1443.0;1966,93,5771.0;1966,127,5042.0;1966,245,15000.0;1966,92,748.0;1966,91,8500.0;1966,82,3288.0;1966,81,7692.0;1966,9,5490.0;1966,141,3181.0;1966,5396,16533.0;1966,78,2778.0;1966,10,21000.0;1966,77,10682.0;1966,75,9913.0;1966,3897,7510.0;1966,74,2825.0;1966,70,12273.0;1966,68,8589.0;1966,64,4690.0;1966,13,14835.0;1966,63,6581.0;1966,270,14583.0;1966,238,4424.0;1966,84,3623.0;1966,34980,8700.0;1966,80,5625.0;1966,355,5000.0;1966,273,6448.0;1966,462,7260.0;1966,463,5017.0;1966,464,10706.0;1966,465,7192.0;1966,466,2841.0;1966,290,6589.0;1966,450,14820.0;1966,477,4757.0;1966,436,4730.0;1966,295,6489.0;1966,275,4212.0;1966,467,7125.0;1966,470,2473.0;1966,471,7338.0;1966,472,12210.0;1966,276,3457.0;1966,473,1980.0;1966,474,21000.0;1966,475,5086.0;1966,476,14661.0;1966,277,4686.0;1966,34981,4686.0;1966,318,2781.0;1966,454,6217.0;1966,34987,7839.0;1966,5398,4798.0;1966,34988,3286.0;1966,34989,6088.0;1966,16,7001.0;1966,17,6151.0;1966,19,5378.0;1966,21,10518.0;1966,23,4686.0;1966,24,18747.0;1966,28,7725.0;1966,34978,19327.0;1966,31,8965.0;1966,32,2855.0;1966,34,3654.0;1966,37,6461.0;1966,39,5175.0;1966,41,10435.0;1966,42,5261.0;1966,43,4444.0;1966,44,14626.0;1966,173,4369.0;1966,172,10626.0;1966,171,7209.0;1966,34845,7200.0;1966,34979,8227.0;1966,170,5469.0;1966,168,5510.0;1966,166,3924.0;1966,164,3833.0;1966,163,15971.0;1966,267,8885.0;1966,128,6090.0;1966,167,5556.0;1966,160,6723.0;1966,201,4469.0;1966,65,15152.0;1966,259,5850.0;1966,34982,6984.0;1966,3,13729.0;1966,6,18991.0;1966,149,8224.0;1966,206,10000.0;1966,148,6500.0;1966,145,4326.0;1966,139,7606.0;1966,138,6600.0;1966,137,2330.0;1966,136,11429.0;1966,135,13878.0;1966,134,11100.0;1966,8,6216.0;1967,16,7038.0;1967,17,5068.0;1967,19,5319.0;1967,21,9510.0;1967,23,6046.0;1967,24,20208.0;1967,28,7820.0;1967,34978,31866.0;1967,31,8419.0;1967,32,3146.0;1967,34,3850.0;1967,37,6979.0;1967,39,5134.0;1967,41,10400.0;1967,42,5380.0;1967,43,4101.0;1967,44,17079.0;1967,173,4200.0;1967,172,13123.0;1967,171,7214.0;1967,34845,7200.0;1967,34979,8705.0;1967,170,5594.0;1967,168,5600.0;1967,166,4264.0;1967,164,3667.0;1967,163,16628.0;1967,267,6563.0;1967,128,6218.0;1967,167,5652.0;1967,160,6620.0;1967,201,4764.0;1967,65,15873.0;1967,259,6153.0;1967,34982,7031.0;1967,3,10112.0;1967,6,28316.0;1967,149,9306.0;1967,206,10000.0;1967,148,6502.0;1967,145,4421.0;1967,139,6879.0;1967,138,5437.0;1967,137,2659.0;1967,136,11111.0;1967,135,14153.0;1967,134,11200.0;1967,8,6827.0;1967,132,7143.0;1967,14,13697.0;1967,129,4783.0;1967,125,5000.0;1967,124,14503.0;1967,123,2582.0;1967,120,20000.0;1967,118,8044.0;1967,117,5301.0;1967,212,10635.0;1967,113,5079.0;1967,110,5323.0;1967,142,4063.0;1967,107,5696.0;1967,5,31058.0;1967,105,8384.0;1967,101,4576.0;1967,100,3469.0;1967,98,7000.0;1967,97,9016.0;1967,96,3502.0;1967,11,15313.0;1967,95,1554.0;1967,93,5771.0;1967,127,4984.0;1967,245,17500.0;1967,92,706.0;1967,91,8500.0;1967,82,3289.0;1967,81,10260.0;1967,9,5373.0;1967,141,3608.0;1967,5396,11951.0;1967,78,2616.0;1967,10,14000.0;1967,77,13282.0;1967,75,9472.0;1967,3897,6836.0;1967,74,2825.0;1967,70,13113.0;1967,68,7123.0;1967,64,5655.0;1967,13,13769.0;1967,63,6250.0;1967,270,16000.0;1967,238,4485.0;1967,84,3865.0;1967,34980,9800.0;1967,80,5750.0;1967,355,5221.0;1967,273,6578.0;1967,462,7297.0;1967,463,4987.0;1967,464,9380.0;1967,465,9390.0;1967,466,3011.0;1967,290,6924.0;1967,450,13984.0;1967,477,5272.0;1967,436,4608.0;1967,295,7011.0;1967,275,4425.0;1967,467,7481.0;1967,470,2792.0;1967,471,6771.0;1967,472,12951.0;1967,276,3465.0;1967,473,1845.0;1967,474,14000.0;1967,475,5476.0;1967,476,13177.0;1967,277,6046.0;1967,34981,6046.0;1967,318,2744.0;1967,454,6092.0;1967,34987,7594.0;1967,5398,4654.0;1967,34988,3552.0;1967,34989,5986.0;1968,132,7042.0;1968,14,12934.0;1968,129,4783.0;1968,125,5000.0;1968,124,13302.0;1968,123,2546.0;1968,120,20000.0;1968,118,8711.0;1968,117,5306.0;1968,212,8783.0;1968,113,4786.0;1968,110,7778.0;1968,142,4252.0;1968,107,6000.0;1968,5,19736.0;1968,105,8393.0;1968,101,4109.0;1968,100,3381.0;1968,98,6000.0;1968,97,7684.0;1968,96,3675.0;1968,11,13846.0;1968,95,1507.0;1968,93,5714.0;1968,127,6271.0;1968,245,17500.0;1968,92,317.0;1968,91,7436.0;1968,82,3289.0;1968,81,8714.0;1968,9,5348.0;1968,141,2561.0;1968,5396,9310.0;1968,78,2267.0;1968,10,18000.0;1968,77,14198.0;1968,75,9796.0;1968,3897,8011.0;1968,74,2615.0;1968,70,12617.0;1968,68,6296.0;1968,64,5398.0;1968,13,13723.0;1968,63,5882.0;1968,270,16571.0;1968,238,3652.0;1968,84,3440.0;1968,34980,8700.0;1968,80,6000.0;1968,355,5014.0;1968,273,6322.0;1968,462,7034.0;1968,463,5013.0;1968,464,9425.0;1968,465,7862.0;1968,466,2634.0;1968,290,6658.0;1968,450,13578.0;1968,477,5052.0;1968,436,4441.0;1968,295,6539.0;1968,275,4226.0;1968,467,7006.0;1968,470,2649.0;1968,471,7228.0;1968,472,12357.0;1968,276,3200.0;1968,473,1339.0;1968,474,18000.0;1968,475,5380.0;1968,476,14592.0;1968,277,2087.0;1968,34981,2087.0;1968,318,2518.0;1968,454,5962.0;1968,34987,7168.0;1968,5398,4548.0;1968,34988,3427.0;1968,34989,5813.0;1968,16,6999.0;1968,17,3969.0;1968,19,5319.0;1968,21,5965.0;1968,23,2087.0;1968,24,21212.0;1968,28,7708.0;1968,34978,23767.0;1968,31,7845.0;1968,32,2648.0;1968,34,3793.0;1968,37,6605.0;1968,39,4737.0;1968,41,10385.0;1968,42,5129.0;1968,43,4266.0;1968,44,11306.0;1968,173,4124.0;1968,172,12187.0;1968,171,6693.0;1968,34845,6667.0;1968,34979,9235.0;1968,170,5757.0;1968,168,5577.0;1968,166,4007.0;1968,164,3556.0;1968,163,17611.0;1968,267,8349.0;1968,128,6346.0;1968,167,5714.0;1968,160,7264.0;1968,201,4105.0;1968,65,17316.0;1968,259,6712.0;1968,34982,6923.0;1968,3,13405.0;1968,6,27624.0;1968,149,10217.0;1968,206,10000.0;1968,148,6507.0;1968,145,4000.0;1968,139,6578.0;1968,138,7473.0;1968,137,2518.0;1968,136,12762.0;1968,135,14427.0;1968,134,9230.0;1968,8,7202.0;1969,16,6985.0;1969,17,3526.0;1969,19,5292.0;1969,21,5628.0;1969,23,4806.0;1969,24,19859.0;1969,28,7850.0;1969,34978,23706.0;1969,31,8074.0;1969,32,3206.0;1969,34,3793.0;1969,37,6055.0;1969,39,8008.0;1969,41,10192.0;1969,42,6417.0;1969,43,4482.0;1969,44,13347.0;1969,173,3902.0;1969,172,10621.0;1969,171,6991.0;1969,34845,6957.0;1969,34979,10245.0;1969,170,6301.0;1969,168,5556.0;1969,166,4025.0;1969,164,2857.0;1969,163,16440.0;1969,267,9640.0;1969,128,6413.0;1969,167,5541.0;1969,160,7458.0;1969,201,4465.0;1969,65,19481.0;1969,259,7996.0;1969,34982,6866.0;1969,3,11518.0;1969,6,22712.0;1969,149,9886.0;1969,206,10000.0;1969,148,7329.0;1969,145,4293.0;1969,139,6272.0;1969,138,9568.0;1969,137,2699.0;1969,136,12455.0;1969,135,14762.0;1969,134,8234.0;1969,8,7832.0;1969,132,7519.0;1969,14,12547.0;1969,129,5600.0;1969,125,5000.0;1969,124,12502.0;1969,123,2570.0;1969,120,19583.0;1969,118,8531.0;1969,117,5304.0;1969,212,11787.0;1969,113,5041.0;1969,110,8000.0;1969,142,4604.0;1969,107,5455.0;1969,5,22193.0;1969,105,8369.0;1969,101,4451.0;1969,100,3149.0;1969,98,6500.0;1969,97,7934.0;1969,96,3610.0;1969,11,14348.0;1969,95,1531.0;1969,93,5714.0;1969,127,6092.0;1969,245,17500.0;1969,92,695.0;1969,91,9000.0;1969,82,3000.0;1969,81,8033.0;1969,9,5601.0;1969,141,3124.0;1969,5396,6800.0;1969,78,3923.0;1969,10,13857.0;1969,77,14900.0;1969,75,8376.0;1969,3897,9291.0;1969,74,2286.0;1969,70,12545.0;1969,68,4833.0;1969,64,5294.0;1969,13,14431.0;1969,63,5714.0;1969,270,18750.0;1969,238,3316.0;1969,84,3699.0;1969,34980,10701.0;1969,80,6000.0;1969,355,5124.0;1969,273,6217.0;1969,462,6977.0;1969,463,4915.0;1969,464,9542.0;1969,465,7027.0;1969,466,2771.0;1969,290,6561.0;1969,450,14368.0;1969,477,5313.0;1969,436,4675.0;1969,295,6035.0;1969,275,4368.0;1969,467,7214.0;1969,470,2829.0;1969,471,7210.0;1969,472,12244.0;1969,276,3817.0;1969,473,2042.0;1969,474,13857.0;1969,475,5801.0;1969,476,13223.0;1969,277,4806.0;1969,34981,4806.0;1969,318,3024.0;1969,454,5959.0;1969,34987,7016.0;1969,5398,4810.0;1969,34988,3553.0;1969,34989,5883.0;1970,132,6875.0;1970,14,14224.0;1970,129,5333.0;1970,125,5000.0;1970,124,14123.0;1970,123,2261.0;1970,120,19343.0;1970,118,8395.0;1970,117,5302.0;1970,212,9884.0;1970,113,5295.0;1970,110,7500.0;1970,142,4371.0;1970,107,5952.0;1970,5,28291.0;1970,105,9140.0;1970,101,4768.0;1970,100,3009.0;1970,98,6409.0;1970,97,8122.0;1970,96,3287.0;1970,11,15500.0;1970,95,1624.0;1970,93,5714.0;1970,127,6294.0;1970,245,17500.0;1970,92,609.0;1970,91,9000.0;1970,82,3305.0;1970,81,8103.0;1970,9,6036.0;1970,141,2998.0;1970,5396,11901.0;1970,78,3696.0;1970,10,19333.0;1970,77,12138.0;1970,75,6714.0;1970,3897,5644.0;1970,74,2005.0;1970,70,14082.0;1970,68,6259.0;1970,64,4957.0;1970,13,13841.0;1970,63,6416.0;1970,270,17500.0;1970,238,3609.0;1970,84,3714.0;1970,34980,10600.0;1970,80,6053.0;1970,355,5411.0;1970,273,6278.0;1970,462,6997.0;1970,463,5060.0;1970,464,9610.0;1970,465,6725.0;1970,466,2728.0;1970,290,6709.0;1970,450,13938.0;1970,477,5375.0;1970,436,4918.0;1970,295,6391.0;1970,275,4838.0;1970,467,8397.0;1970,470,3213.0;1970,471,6811.0;1970,472,13649.0;1970,276,3823.0;1970,473,1859.0;1970,474,19333.0;1970,475,5969.0;1970,476,15516.0;1970,277,2414.0;1970,34981,2414.0;1970,318,2992.0;1970,454,6056.0;1970,34987,7321.0;1970,5398,4992.0;1970,34988,3877.0;1970,34989,5983.0;1970,16,7022.0;1970,17,2331.0;1970,19,6250.0;1970,21,9564.0;1970,23,2414.0;1970,24,20628.0;1970,28,8104.0;1970,34978,28821.0;1970,31,7698.0;1970,32,3372.0;1970,34,5000.0;1970,37,6346.0;1970,39,6423.0;1970,41,10135.0;1970,42,6373.0;1970,43,4366.0;1970,44,15606.0;1970,173,3684.0;1970,172,11460.0;1970,171,8284.0;1970,34845,8261.0;1970,34979,10373.0;1970,170,5843.0;1970,168,5636.0;1970,166,4008.0;1970,164,3143.0;1970,163,17085.0;1970,267,11394.0;1970,128,6540.0;1970,167,5438.0;1970,160,8966.0;1970,201,5063.0;1970,65,18312.0;1970,259,8272.0;1970,34982,6812.0;1970,3,13197.0;1970,6,25565.0;1970,149,10351.0;1970,206,10000.0;1970,148,4298.0;1970,145,4348.0;1970,139,5955.0;1970,138,9147.0;1970,137,3090.0;1970,136,11885.0;1970,135,15127.0;1970,134,10386.0;1970,8,8295.0;1971,16,7266.0;1971,17,3578.0;1971,19,5833.0;1971,21,9730.0;1971,23,7732.0;1971,24,19731.0;1971,28,8481.0;1971,34978,27816.0;1971,31,8690.0;1971,32,4061.0;1971,34,8125.0;1971,37,6829.0;1971,39,6223.0;1971,41,10173.0;1971,42,7775.0;1971,43,5137.0;1971,44,14169.0;1971,173,3789.0;1971,172,10324.0;1971,171,8739.0;1971,34845,8737.0;1971,34979,8941.0;1971,170,7049.0;1971,168,5614.0;1971,166,3826.0;1971,164,3143.0;1971,163,13542.0;1971,267,11245.0;1971,128,6667.0;1971,167,5583.0;1971,160,8518.0;1971,201,4490.0;1971,65,20405.0;1971,259,8647.0;1971,34982,6857.0;1971,3,12921.0;1971,6,31959.0;1971,149,10763.0;1971,206,10000.0;1971,148,3694.0;1971,145,4421.0;1971,139,5644.0;1971,138,12038.0;1971,137,2703.0;1971,136,11387.0;1971,135,14196.0;1971,134,9082.0;1971,8,11021.0;1971,132,7212.0;1971,14,10303.0;1971,129,5556.0;1971,125,5000.0;1971,124,12404.0;1971,123,2353.0;1971,120,17671.0;1971,118,8474.0;1971,117,5301.0;1971,212,12288.0;1971,113,4854.0;1971,110,8000.0;1971,142,4750.0;1971,107,5588.0;1971,5,25076.0;1971,105,9139.0;1971,101,4866.0;1971,100,2431.0;1971,98,6506.0;1971,97,8080.0;1971,96,4404.0;1971,11,15417.0;1971,95,1801.0;1971,93,5714.0;1971,127,6368.0;1971,245,33333.0;1971,92,869.0;1971,91,9000.0;1971,82,3302.0;1971,81,10690.0;1971,9,6408.0;1971,141,3792.0;1971,5396,11901.0;1971,78,3577.0;1971,10,16667.0;1971,77,14910.0;1971,75,10372.0;1971,3897,6054.0;1971,74,2000.0;1971,70,15000.0;1971,68,4837.0;1971,64,5138.0;1971,13,13785.0;1971,63,5714.0;1971,270,24412.0;1971,238,3685.0;1971,84,4058.0;1971,34980,10000.0;1971,80,6000.0;1971,355,5413.0;1971,273,6183.0;1971,462,6570.0;1971,463,5185.0;1971,464,10653.0;1971,465,8636.0;1971,466,3074.0;1971,290,6736.0;1971,450,13816.0;1971,477,4947.0;1971,436,4984.0;1971,295,6840.0;1971,275,4597.0;1971,467,8532.0;1971,470,2842.0;1971,471,7752.0;1971,472,14412.0;1971,276,4207.0;1971,473,2351.0;1971,474,16667.0;1971,475,6308.0;1971,476,15950.0;1971,277,7732.0;1971,34981,7732.0;1971,318,3306.0;1971,454,5967.0;1971,34987,6645.0;1971,5398,5061.0;1971,34988,3645.0;1971,34989,5929.0;1972,132,7326.0;1972,14,15629.0;1972,129,5556.0;1972,125,5000.0;1972,124,12416.0;1972,123,2000.0;1972,120,17114.0;1972,118,8296.0;1972,117,5300.0;1972,212,10033.0;1972,113,5155.0;1972,110,7154.0;1972,142,4412.0;1972,107,6000.0;1972,5,10373.0;1972,105,7099.0;1972,101,4763.0;1972,100,2756.0;1972,98,5542.0;1972,97,8584.0;1972,96,4607.0;1972,11,14783.0;1972,95,1669.0;1972,93,5714.0;1972,127,6257.0;1972,245,47619.0;1972,92,813.0;1972,91,8500.0;1972,82,3298.0;1972,81,9841.0;1972,9,6568.0;1972,141,3500.0;1972,5396,14877.0;1972,78,5423.0;1972,10,20000.0;1972,77,13880.0;1972,75,9587.0;1972,3897,11089.0;1972,74,3151.0;1972,70,15143.0;1972,68,7670.0;1972,64,5769.0;1972,13,14702.0;1972,63,5556.0;1972,270,20857.0;1972,238,3552.0;1972,84,4143.0;1972,34980,9298.0;1972,80,6000.0;1972,355,5406.0;1972,273,6760.0;1972,462,7299.0;1972,463,5265.0;1972,464,12057.0;1972,465,8658.0;1972,466,3529.0;1972,290,6987.0;1972,450,14765.0;1972,477,5255.0;1972,436,5211.0;1972,295,6771.0;1972,275,4442.0;1972,467,9034.0;1972,470,2484.0;1972,471,7474.0;1972,472,14636.0;1972,276,3756.0;1972,473,2017.0;1972,474,20000.0;1972,475,6036.0;1972,476,13451.0;1972,277,1891.0;1972,34981,1891.0;1972,318,2934.0;1972,454,6406.0;1972,34987,7590.0;1972,5398,5447.0;1972,34988,3446.0;1972,34989,6271.0;1972,16,7059.0;1972,17,4791.0;1972,19,5833.0;1972,21,9325.0;1972,23,1891.0;1972,24,22099.0;1972,28,8046.0;1972,34978,23665.0;1972,31,5529.0;1972,32,3772.0;1972,34,8333.0;1972,37,6739.0;1972,39,4580.0;1972,41,10254.0;1972,42,6111.0;1972,43,5259.0;1972,44,15405.0;1972,173,3895.0;1972,172,10432.0;1972,171,8893.0;1972,34845,8889.0;1972,34979,9168.0;1972,170,7222.0;1972,168,5690.0;1972,166,4001.0;1972,164,3500.0;1972,163,13138.0;1972,267,9092.0;1972,128,6875.0;1972,167,5678.0;1972,160,9591.0;1972,201,4190.0;1972,65,20632.0;1972,259,6886.0;1972,34982,7162.0;1972,3,12724.0;1972,6,23391.0;1972,149,10012.0;1972,206,10000.0;1972,148,5856.0;1972,145,4479.0;1972,139,5323.0;1972,138,11402.0;1972,137,2332.0;1972,136,10894.0;1972,135,13355.0;1972,134,9886.0;1972,8,12195.0;1973,16,7971.0;1973,17,3593.0;1973,19,6000.0;1973,21,9263.0;1973,23,5614.0;1973,24,22460.0;1973,28,7619.0;1973,34978,25335.0;1973,31,5287.0;1973,32,3252.0;1973,34,8182.0;1973,37,5850.0;1973,39,6895.0;1973,41,10038.0;1973,42,6000.0;1973,43,6015.0;1973,44,15470.0;1973,173,3684.0;1973,172,9618.0;1973,171,9460.0;1973,34845,9444.0;1973,34979,10341.0;1973,170,6540.0;1973,168,5763.0;1973,166,4134.0;1973,164,3000.0;1973,163,9831.0;1973,267,8278.0;1973,128,7188.0;1973,167,5617.0;1973,160,10155.0;1973,201,4818.0;1973,65,20405.0;1973,259,8308.0;1973,34982,7333.0;1973,3,15989.0;1973,6,23903.0;1973,149,10842.0;1973,206,9818.0;1973,148,6418.0;1973,145,4563.0;1973,139,5501.0;1973,138,16053.0;1973,137,3091.0;1973,136,10357.0;1973,135,13333.0;1973,134,7599.0;1973,8,14521.0;1973,132,7240.0;1973,14,15174.0;1973,129,4800.0;1973,125,5000.0;1973,124,9493.0;1973,123,2857.0;1973,120,17105.0;1973,118,8547.0;1973,117,5294.0;1973,212,10596.0;1973,113,5396.0;1973,110,8093.0;1973,142,4161.0;1973,107,5556.0;1973,5,26175.0;1973,105,7274.0;1973,101,4826.0;1973,100,3030.0;1973,98,6979.0;1973,97,8586.0;1973,96,4783.0;1973,11,15789.0;1973,95,1763.0;1973,93,5714.0;1973,127,6321.0;1973,245,47619.0;1973,92,929.0;1973,91,8315.0;1973,82,3296.0;1973,81,7857.0;1973,9,7103.0;1973,141,5089.0;1973,5396,15873.0;1973,78,4093.0;1973,10,14741.0;1973,77,13458.0;1973,75,8759.0;1973,3897,10777.0;1973,74,3144.0;1973,70,14874.0;1973,68,4735.0;1973,64,5179.0;1973,13,13697.0;1973,63,5250.0;1973,270,26000.0;1973,238,3774.0;1973,84,3846.0;1973,34980,10915.0;1973,80,6098.0;1973,355,5454.0;1973,273,6145.0;1973,462,6436.0;1973,463,5418.0;1973,464,11546.0;1973,465,6956.0;1973,466,3209.0;1973,290,6491.0;1973,450,13859.0;1973,477,5526.0;1973,436,5608.0;1973,295,5995.0;1973,275,4832.0;1973,467,9449.0;1973,470,3216.0;1973,471,7174.0;1973,472,14163.0;1973,276,4737.0;1973,473,2732.0;1973,474,14741.0;1973,475,6882.0;1973,476,18734.0;1973,277,5614.0;1973,34981,5614.0;1973,318,3582.0;1973,454,5913.0;1973,34987,6700.0;1973,5398,5800.0;1973,34988,3847.0;1973,34989,5880.0;1974,132,6667.0;1974,14,14736.0;1974,129,5556.0;1974,125,5000.0;1974,124,8212.0;1974,123,3807.0;1974,120,17500.0;1974,118,8549.0;1974,117,5288.0;1974,212,8898.0;1974,113,6261.0;1974,110,8038.0;1974,142,4444.0;1974,107,5946.0;1974,5,26580.0;1974,105,7156.0;1974,101,4780.0;1974,100,2890.0;1974,98,7877.0;1974,97,8542.0;1974,96,4286.0;1974,11,13000.0;1974,95,1504.0;1974,93,5714.0;1974,127,8405.0;1974,245,33333.0;1974,92,969.0;1974,91,6149.0;1974,82,3292.0;1974,81,11806.0;1974,9,6706.0;1974,141,5414.0;1974,5396,15873.0;1974,78,5410.0;1974,10,14545.0;1974,77,14791.0;1974,75,9852.0;1974,3897,10812.0;1974,74,3446.0;1974,70,14500.0;1974,68,4811.0;1974,64,5000.0;1974,13,15013.0;1974,63,5250.0;1974,270,22500.0;1974,238,4076.0;1974,84,4154.0;1974,34980,10742.0;1974,80,6047.0;1974,355,5339.0;1974,273,6083.0;1974,462,6110.0;1974,463,5464.0;1974,464,13790.0;1974,465,10015.0;1974,466,3508.0;1974,290,6551.0;1974,450,14811.0;1974,477,6313.0;1974,436,5762.0;1974,295,5499.0;1974,275,4610.0;1974,467,9866.0;1974,470,2755.0;1974,471,7772.0;1974,472,13409.0;1974,276,4228.0;1974,473,2294.0;1974,474,14545.0;1974,475,6541.0;1974,476,16150.0;1974,277,8759.0;1974,34981,8759.0;1974,318,3156.0;1974,454,5686.0;1974,34987,6171.0;1974,5398,5920.0;1974,34988,3481.0;1974,34989,5753.0;1974,16,8012.0;1974,17,7545.0;1974,19,6000.0;1974,21,10676.0;1974,23,8759.0;1974,24,21940.0;1974,28,6923.0;1974,34978,24011.0;1974,31,6071.0;1974,32,3560.0;1974,34,8036.0;1974,37,5219.0;1974,39,4879.0;1974,41,9703.0;1974,42,5667.0;1974,43,5842.0;1974,44,13020.0;1974,173,3895.0;1974,172,10128.0;1974,171,9983.0;1974,34845,10000.0;1974,34979,9007.0;1974,170,7398.0;1974,168,5738.0;1974,166,3871.0;1974,164,2778.0;1974,163,10496.0;1974,267,7221.0;1974,128,7385.0;1974,167,5717.0;1974,160,10459.0;1974,201,4231.0;1974,65,19605.0;1974,259,6549.0;1974,34982,6900.0;1974,3,12028.0;1974,6,24340.0;1974,149,9856.0;1974,206,10167.0;1974,148,8525.0;1974,145,4271.0;1974,139,5370.0;1974,138,15286.0;1974,137,2601.0;1974,136,10964.0;1974,135,13291.0;1974,134,6596.0;1974,8,14758.0;1975,16,8000.0;1975,17,9694.0;1975,19,5833.0;1975,21,7911.0;1975,23,7987.0;1975,28,7143.0;1975,34978,26098.0;1975,31,5606.0;1975,32,3612.0;1975,34,8102.0;1975,37,5505.0;1975,39,7541.0;1975,41,10138.0;1975,42,5357.0;1975,43,5906.0;1975,44,14721.0;1975,173,3958.0;1975,172,10887.0;1975,171,9972.0;1975,34845,10000.0;1975,34979,8421.0;1975,170,7448.0;1975,168,5726.0;1975,166,4117.0;1975,164,2667.0;1975,163,14288.0;1975,267,10037.0;1975,128,7576.0;1975,167,5851.0;1975,160,8553.0;1975,201,4173.0;1975,65,20233.0;1975,259,7097.0;1975,34982,4809.0;1975,3,11688.0;1975,6,28749.0;1975,149,11599.0;1975,206,10000.0;1975,148,5494.0;1975,145,5212.0;1975,139,4407.0;1975,138,18799.0;1975,137,3163.0;1975,136,10806.0;1975,135,13566.0;1975,134,5277.0;1975,8,14626.0;1975,132,6237.0;1975,14,12924.0;1975,129,5714.0;1975,125,5000.0;1975,124,14000.0;1975,123,4769.0;1975,120,16741.0;1975,118,8183.0;1975,117,5302.0;1975,212,8652.0;1975,113,5861.0;1975,110,7667.0;1975,142,4117.0;1975,107,6842.0;1975,5,23738.0;1975,105,7886.0;1975,101,4909.0;1975,100,2519.0;1975,98,7711.0;1975,97,8110.0;1975,96,5513.0;1975,11,10963.0;1975,95,1529.0;1975,93,5714.0;1975,127,7929.0;1975,245,33333.0;1975,92,928.0;1975,91,8014.0;1975,82,5000.0;1975,81,6262.0;1975,9,6470.0;1975,141,6524.0;1975,5396,12104.0;1975,78,7188.0;1975,10,10481.0;1975,77,16190.0;1975,75,8191.0;1975,3897,11000.0;1975,74,3591.0;1975,70,16489.0;1975,68,7979.0;1975,64,5000.0;1975,13,13335.0;1975,63,5500.0;1975,270,18056.0;1975,238,4159.0;1975,84,3885.0;1975,34980,9999.0;1975,80,6047.0;1975,355,5491.0;1975,273,6683.0;1975,462,7166.0;1975,463,5500.0;1975,464,14152.0;1975,465,5967.0;1975,466,3603.0;1975,290,6416.0;1975,450,13473.0;1975,477,5816.0;1975,436,5928.0;1975,295,5724.0;1975,275,4849.0;1975,467,9736.0;1975,470,3308.0;1975,471,6937.0;1975,472,15156.0;1975,276,4295.0;1975,473,2412.0;1975,474,10481.0;1975,475,6334.0;1975,476,15464.0;1975,277,7987.0;1975,34981,7987.0;1975,318,3358.0;1975,454,6397.0;1975,34987,7772.0;1975,5398,6093.0;1975,34988,4077.0;1975,34989,6277.0;1976,132,5838.0;1976,14,13193.0;1976,129,5806.0;1976,125,5263.0;1976,124,8333.0;1976,123,2917.0;1976,120,17168.0;1976,118,8810.0;1976,117,5315.0;1976,212,12112.0;1976,113,5622.0;1976,110,8000.0;1976,142,3917.0;1976,107,6410.0;1976,5,12471.0;1976,105,8017.0;1976,101,4780.0;1976,100,2530.0;1976,98,7884.0;1976,97,8100.0;1976,96,5644.0;1976,11,13560.0;1976,95,1354.0;1976,93,5714.0;1976,127,9193.0;1976,245,33333.0;1976,92,919.0;1976,91,8054.0;1976,82,4975.0;1976,81,7019.0;1976,9,6111.0;1976,141,5189.0;1976,5396,15361.0;1976,78,4698.0;1976,10,17317.0;1976,77,16316.0;1976,75,6009.0;1976,3897,11000.0;1976,74,2844.0;1976,70,15588.0;1976,68,7749.0;1976,64,4966.0;1976,13,13424.0;1976,63,5682.0;1976,270,17609.0;1976,238,4617.0;1976,84,4635.0;1976,34980,9233.0;1976,80,6136.0;1976,355,5286.0;1976,273,6807.0;1976,462,7316.0;1976,463,5592.0;1976,464,16219.0;1976,465,6086.0;1976,466,3431.0;1976,290,5948.0;1976,450,13444.0;1976,477,5706.0;1976,436,5305.0;1976,295,4983.0;1976,275,4721.0;1976,467,9600.0;1976,470,3158.0;1976,471,6240.0;1976,472,14770.0;1976,276,4112.0;1976,473,2379.0;1976,474,17317.0;1976,475,6216.0;1976,476,10638.0;1976,277,7219.0;1976,34981,7219.0;1976,318,3144.0;1976,454,6439.0;1976,34987,7716.0;1976,5398,5488.0;1976,34988,4054.0;1976,34989,6321.0;1976,16,8011.0;1976,17,8598.0;1976,19,5833.0;1976,21,11602.0;1976,23,7219.0;1976,28,6471.0;1976,34978,13666.0;1976,31,5585.0;1976,32,3885.0;1976,34,8000.0;1976,37,4534.0;1976,39,6278.0;1976,41,10366.0;1976,42,5806.0;1976,43,6154.0;1976,44,13630.0;1976,173,4124.0;1976,172,8623.0;1976,171,9685.0;1976,34845,9706.0;1976,34979,8654.0;1976,170,6693.0;1976,168,5683.0;1976,166,5880.0;1976,164,2000.0;1976,163,13095.0;1976,267,3542.0;1976,128,8000.0;1976,167,5843.0;1976,160,8080.0;1976,201,4711.0;1976,65,20233.0;1976,259,7569.0;1976,34982,10779.0;1976,3,8974.0;1976,6,24740.0;1976,149,11427.0;1976,206,10000.0;1976,148,5869.0;1976,145,4444.0;1976,139,4123.0;1976,138,9358.0;1976,137,3002.0;1976,136,10648.0;1976,135,13218.0;1976,134,6745.0;1976,8,15383.0;1977,16,8010.0;1977,17,7984.0;1977,19,5417.0;1977,21,9064.0;1977,23,7937.0;1977,28,6571.0;1977,34978,20099.0;1977,31,5053.0;1977,32,4736.0;1977,34,8000.0;1977,37,5032.0;1977,39,8697.0;1977,41,10233.0;1977,42,6061.0;1977,43,6159.0;1977,44,7171.0;1977,173,4000.0;1977,172,11550.0;1977,171,9449.0;1977,34845,9412.0;1977,34979,11251.0;1977,170,6468.0;1977,168,5730.0;1977,166,5811.0;1977,164,2400.0;1977,163,11068.0;1977,267,9388.0;1977,128,8308.0;1977,167,5743.0;1977,160,8541.0;1977,201,4407.0;1977,65,19906.0;1977,259,6416.0;1977,34982,6465.0;1977,3,17142.0;1977,6,30861.0;1977,149,10567.0;1977,206,10375.0;1977,148,7196.0;1977,145,4500.0;1977,139,3850.0;1977,138,18772.0;1977,137,3297.0;1977,136,9010.0;1977,135,10636.0;1977,134,6740.0;1977,8,15479.0;1977,132,5873.0;1977,14,15727.0;1977,129,5429.0;1977,125,6000.0;1977,124,14000.0;1977,123,14250.0;1977,120,17703.0;1977,118,8507.0;1977,117,5304.0;1977,212,8492.0;1977,113,4722.0;1977,110,6593.0;1977,142,4901.0;1977,107,6500.0;1977,5,25165.0;1977,105,6683.0;1977,101,4903.0;1977,100,2120.0;1977,98,7830.0;1977,97,8314.0;1977,96,5768.0;1977,11,12882.0;1977,95,1581.0;1977,93,5714.0;1977,127,9451.0;1977,245,33333.0;1977,92,1211.0;1977,91,8046.0;1977,82,5426.0;1977,81,9892.0;1977,9,4470.0;1977,141,7436.0;1977,5396,19048.0;1977,78,3280.0;1977,10,18333.0;1977,77,17515.0;1977,75,5476.0;1977,3897,11400.0;1977,74,1938.0;1977,70,15534.0;1977,68,7478.0;1977,64,5595.0;1977,13,14612.0;1977,63,5682.0;1977,270,20962.0;1977,238,4614.0;1977,84,4510.0;1977,34980,11724.0;1977,80,6136.0;1977,355,5448.0;1977,273,6773.0;1977,462,7065.0;1977,463,5460.0;1977,464,12558.0;1977,465,10346.0;1977,466,3536.0;1977,290,5878.0;1977,450,13720.0;1977,477,4897.0;1977,436,5193.0;1977,295,5387.0;1977,275,4931.0;1977,467,9591.0;1977,470,3442.0;1977,471,6179.0;1977,472,15015.0;1977,276,5102.0;1977,473,3573.0;1977,474,18333.0;1977,475,6310.0;1977,476,19094.0;1977,277,7937.0;1977,34981,7937.0;1977,318,3731.0;1977,454,6510.0;1977,34987,7807.0;1977,5398,5366.0;1977,34988,4242.0;1977,34989,6312.0;1978,132,6619.0;1978,14,16854.0;1978,129,5676.0;1978,125,5893.0;1978,124,15000.0;1978,123,9744.0;1978,120,17486.0;1978,118,9022.0;1978,117,5299.0;1978,212,9455.0;1978,113,6004.0;1978,110,7000.0;1978,142,5270.0;1978,107,5941.0;1978,5,22531.0;1978,105,8343.0;1978,101,4753.0;1978,100,2716.0;1978,98,8197.0;1978,97,8530.0;1978,96,5802.0;1978,11,19217.0;1978,95,1669.0;1978,93,5714.0;1978,127,8755.0;1978,245,37143.0;1978,92,1450.0;1978,91,7920.0;1978,82,4633.0;1978,81,10288.0;1978,9,6496.0;1978,141,6515.0;1978,5396,19608.0;1978,78,2717.0;1978,10,18058.0;1978,77,17184.0;1978,75,6917.0;1978,3897,11000.0;1978,74,2412.0;1978,70,15678.0;1978,68,7500.0;1978,64,5516.0;1978,13,14592.0;1978,63,5778.0;1978,270,17500.0;1978,238,4865.0;1978,84,4797.0;1978,34980,10076.0;1978,80,5000.0;1978,355,5551.0;1978,273,6593.0;1978,462,6905.0;1978,463,5030.0;1978,464,13192.0;1978,465,10100.0;1978,466,3800.0;1978,290,6148.0;1978,450,14400.0;1978,477,6190.0;1978,436,5204.0;1978,295,5145.0;1978,275,4932.0;1978,467,10915.0;1978,470,3193.0;1978,471,6761.0;1978,472,14931.0;1978,276,5424.0;1978,473,4017.0;1978,474,18058.0;1978,475,6288.0;1978,476,19684.0;1978,277,10389.0;1978,34981,10389.0;1978,318,4404.0;1978,454,6320.0;1978,34987,7661.0;1978,5398,5355.0;1978,34988,4072.0;1978,34989,6239.0;1978,16,8019.0;1978,17,6641.0;1978,19,3636.0;1978,21,9779.0;1978,23,10389.0;1978,28,6392.0;1978,34978,30799.0;1978,31,5044.0;1978,32,4636.0;1978,34,8880.0;1978,37,4752.0;1978,39,13518.0;1978,41,10233.0;1978,42,6071.0;1978,43,6207.0;1978,44,12509.0;1978,173,4000.0;1978,172,10029.0;1978,171,11135.0;1978,34845,11033.0;1978,34979,15484.0;1978,170,6745.0;1978,168,5000.0;1978,166,4831.0;1978,164,2593.0;1978,163,12939.0;1978,267,9140.0;1978,128,8523.0;1978,167,5492.0;1978,160,7873.0;1978,201,4796.0;1978,65,19738.0;1978,259,8294.0;1978,34982,6948.0;1978,3,17615.0;1978,6,33333.0;1978,149,11149.0;1978,206,10167.0;1978,148,8492.0;1978,145,4500.0;1978,139,5162.0;1978,138,17093.0;1978,137,3037.0;1978,136,9101.0;1978,135,10925.0;1978,134,5622.0;1978,8,15501.0;1979,16,8043.0;1979,17,3515.0;1979,19,3985.0;1979,21,10160.0;1979,23,3572.0;1979,28,6404.0;1979,34978,30304.0;1979,31,4484.0;1979,32,4644.0;1979,34,9812.0;1979,37,5190.0;1979,39,10940.0;1979,41,10137.0;1979,42,6000.0;1979,43,6250.0;1979,44,24259.0;1979,173,4000.0;1979,172,10573.0;1979,171,10024.0;1979,34845,9912.0;1979,34979,15422.0;1979,170,6646.0;1979,168,4545.0;1979,166,4528.0;1979,164,2963.0;1979,163,12852.0;1979,267,11488.0;1979,128,8563.0;1979,167,6002.0;1979,160,10707.0;1979,201,5226.0;1979,65,20275.0;1979,259,8453.0;1979,34982,13280.0;1979,3,17368.0;1979,6,31161.0;1979,149,12366.0;1979,206,10000.0;1979,148,9325.0;1979,145,5785.0;1979,139,4754.0;1979,138,16887.0;1979,137,2436.0;1979,136,9651.0;1979,135,10965.0;1979,134,6052.0;1979,8,16312.0;1979,132,7098.0;1979,14,15407.0;1979,129,5789.0;1979,125,6000.0;1979,124,13333.0;1979,123,8226.0;1979,120,20000.0;1979,118,9412.0;1979,117,5310.0;1979,212,12285.0;1979,113,6092.0;1979,110,7100.0;1979,142,5101.0;1979,107,6341.0;1979,5,30108.0;1979,105,5413.0;1979,101,4949.0;1979,100,2983.0;1979,98,7945.0;1979,97,8564.0;1979,96,6060.0;1979,11,15937.0;1979,95,1673.0;1979,93,5714.0;1979,127,9880.0;1979,245,32000.0;1979,92,1933.0;1979,91,7586.0;1979,82,4940.0;1979,81,6212.0;1979,9,7022.0;1979,141,7541.0;1979,5396,12000.0;1979,78,9930.0;1979,10,24105.0;1979,77,17153.0;1979,75,7070.0;1979,3897,10800.0;1979,74,1966.0;1979,70,15007.0;1979,68,8018.0;1979,64,5058.0;1979,13,16599.0;1979,63,5778.0;1979,270,14400.0;1979,238,4675.0;1979,84,4307.0;1979,34980,10599.0;1979,80,5750.0;1979,355,5510.0;1979,273,6363.0;1979,462,6878.0;1979,463,5303.0;1979,464,11071.0;1979,465,6384.0;1979,466,3268.0;1979,290,6753.0;1979,450,17037.0;1979,477,6196.0;1979,436,6716.0;1979,295,5663.0;1979,275,4527.0;1979,467,10009.0;1979,470,2631.0;1979,471,6918.0;1979,472,14559.0;1979,276,6221.0;1979,473,4862.0;1979,474,24105.0;1979,475,6769.0;1979,476,20901.0;1979,277,3572.0;1979,34981,3572.0;1979,318,5143.0;1979,454,6236.0;1979,34987,7739.0;1979,5398,6806.0;1979,34988,3613.0;1979,34989,6224.0;1980,132,8073.0;1980,14,11274.0;1980,129,5476.0;1980,125,5601.0;1980,124,13333.0;1980,123,5181.0;1980,120,20000.0;1980,118,8459.0;1980,117,5299.0;1980,212,21012.0;1980,113,6028.0;1980,110,7059.0;1980,142,6995.0;1980,107,6010.0;1980,5,16082.0;1980,105,5230.0;1980,101,4859.0;1980,100,2760.0;1980,98,7247.0;1980,97,7849.0;1980,96,6512.0;1980,11,13697.0;1980,95,1687.0;1980,93,5714.0;1980,127,8889.0;1980,245,32000.0;1980,92,1756.0;1980,91,7046.0;1980,82,5027.0;1980,81,11125.0;1980,9,6144.0;1980,141,8175.0;1980,5396,12903.0;1980,78,2830.0;1980,10,19324.0;1980,77,17572.0;1980,75,6609.0;1980,3897,11111.0;1980,74,1685.0;1980,70,14602.0;1980,68,5938.0;1980,64,5000.0;1980,13,16116.0;1980,63,5778.0;1980,270,11633.0;1980,238,5053.0;1980,84,10861.0;1980,34980,10198.0;1980,80,5750.0;1980,355,5376.0;1980,273,6203.0;1980,462,6447.0;1980,463,5349.0;1980,464,10939.0;1980,465,10551.0;1980,466,2868.0;1980,290,6119.0;1980,450,16430.0;1980,477,6102.0;1980,436,6073.0;1980,295,4600.0;1980,275,4763.0;1980,467,9881.0;1980,470,3105.0;1980,471,7513.0;1980,472,14247.0;1980,276,5293.0;1980,473,3852.0;1980,474,19324.0;1980,475,6202.0;1980,476,17079.0;1980,277,6494.0;1980,34981,6494.0;1980,318,4326.0;1980,454,6257.0;1980,34987,7129.0;1980,5398,6187.0;1980,34988,3841.0;1980,34989,6158.0;1980,16,8000.0;1980,17,3584.0;1980,19,3925.0;1980,21,7122.0;1980,23,6494.0;1980,28,6412.0;1980,34978,22706.0;1980,31,5598.0;1980,32,4575.0;1980,34,10183.0;1980,37,4239.0;1980,39,7803.0;1980,41,10000.0;1980,42,6250.0;1980,43,6364.0;1980,44,22578.0;1980,173,4000.0;1980,172,7610.0;1980,171,10105.0;1980,34845,10000.0;1980,34979,15294.0;1980,170,7253.0;1980,168,4001.0;1980,166,5229.0;1980,164,2400.0;1980,163,13019.0;1980,267,12128.0;1980,128,8485.0;1980,167,5997.0;1980,160,9618.0;1980,201,5456.0;1980,65,20289.0;1980,259,7436.0;1980,34982,13756.0;1980,3,16111.0;1980,6,24292.0;1980,149,12401.0;1980,206,10000.0;1980,148,9259.0;1980,145,5643.0;1980,139,5248.0;1980,138,17210.0;1980,137,2959.0;1980,136,8548.0;1980,135,9591.0;1980,134,5343.0;1980,8,15724.0;1981,16,8696.0;1981,17,3908.0;1981,19,3636.0;1981,21,10596.0;1981,23,10097.0;1981,28,6323.0;1981,34978,25695.0;1981,31,5684.0;1981,32,4094.0;1981,34,10302.0;1981,37,4657.0;1981,39,10354.0;1981,41,10138.0;1981,42,5385.0;1981,43,6452.0;1981,44,14539.0;1981,173,4000.0;1981,172,11741.0;1981,171,10108.0;1981,34845,10000.0;1981,34979,15783.0;1981,170,6300.0;1981,168,4500.0;1981,166,5189.0;1981,164,2398.0;1981,163,13343.0;1981,267,11829.0;1981,128,8408.0;1981,167,5999.0;1981,160,9525.0;1981,201,5549.0;1981,65,20475.0;1981,259,9600.0;1981,34982,9341.0;1981,3,17500.0;1981,6,25941.0;1981,149,12452.0;1981,206,10000.0;1981,148,9902.0;1981,145,5589.0;1981,139,5514.0;1981,138,14432.0;1981,137,3257.0;1981,136,8366.0;1981,135,9075.0;1981,134,7006.0;1981,8,16239.0;1981,132,8706.0;1981,14,11165.0;1981,129,5814.0;1981,125,6000.0;1981,124,13333.0;1981,123,4769.0;1981,120,20000.0;1981,118,7747.0;1981,117,5333.0;1981,212,21667.0;1981,113,6688.0;1981,110,6667.0;1981,142,5512.0;1981,107,6190.0;1981,5,27988.0;1981,105,6645.0;1981,101,4875.0;1981,100,4507.0;1981,98,8567.0;1981,97,8655.0;1981,96,7442.0;1981,11,20855.0;1981,95,1438.0;1981,93,5714.0;1981,127,9507.0;1981,245,33233.0;1981,92,3172.0;1981,91,7362.0;1981,82,4865.0;1981,81,13562.0;1981,9,6078.0;1981,141,9301.0;1981,5396,15873.0;1981,78,4994.0;1981,10,10222.0;1981,77,17303.0;1981,75,6195.0;1981,3897,10625.0;1981,74,2256.0;1981,70,15238.0;1981,68,8027.0;1981,64,5000.0;1981,13,16172.0;1981,63,5778.0;1981,270,10417.0;1981,238,5564.0;1981,84,5000.0;1981,34980,8988.0;1981,80,5624.0;1981,355,5779.0;1981,273,6518.0;1981,462,6801.0;1981,463,5340.0;1981,464,10857.0;1981,465,12588.0;1981,466,3060.0;1981,290,6740.0;1981,450,16097.0;1981,477,6788.0;1981,436,6193.0;1981,295,5161.0;1981,275,4926.0;1981,467,9875.0;1981,470,3404.0;1981,471,6511.0;1981,472,14721.0;1981,276,6106.0;1981,473,5455.0;1981,474,10222.0;1981,475,6167.0;1981,476,20084.0;1981,277,10097.0;1981,34981,10097.0;1981,318,5326.0;1981,454,6233.0;1981,34987,7770.0;1981,5398,6298.0;1981,34988,4164.0;1981,34989,6243.0;1982,132,8606.0;1982,14,16355.0;1982,129,6222.0;1982,125,6000.0;1982,124,12522.0;1982,123,3614.0;1982,120,20930.0;1982,118,8187.0;1982,117,5280.0;1982,212,16714.0;1982,113,6236.0;1982,110,5977.0;1982,142,7217.0;1982,107,6190.0;1982,5,31125.0;1982,105,6920.0;1982,101,4969.0;1982,100,2302.0;1982,98,8502.0;1982,97,8513.0;1982,96,7401.0;1982,11,20420.0;1982,95,1670.0;1982,93,5714.0;1982,127,10451.0;1982,245,26923.0;1982,92,4649.0;1982,91,8120.0;1982,82,5556.0;1982,81,11831.0;1982,9,6129.0;1982,141,8541.0;1982,5396,11905.0;1982,78,1951.0;1982,10,6606.0;1982,77,18830.0;1982,75,6334.0;1982,3897,11667.0;1982,74,2718.0;1982,70,15566.0;1982,68,6511.0;1982,64,5000.0;1982,13,16124.0;1982,63,5870.0;1982,270,13830.0;1982,238,4775.0;1982,84,5441.0;1982,34980,9874.0;1982,80,7959.0;1982,355,5853.0;1982,273,6419.0;1982,462,6745.0;1982,463,5304.0;1982,464,11159.0;1982,465,10309.0;1982,466,3278.0;1982,290,6457.0;1982,450,16076.0;1982,477,6385.0;1982,436,6498.0;1982,295,5367.0;1982,275,5174.0;1982,467,11044.0;1982,470,3463.0;1982,471,7079.0;1982,472,15076.0;1982,276,6885.0;1982,473,6697.0;1982,474,6606.0;1982,475,6464.0;1982,476,22324.0;1982,277,2271.0;1982,34981,2271.0;1982,318,5965.0;1982,454,6324.0;1982,34987,7512.0;1982,5398,6599.0;1982,34988,4228.0;1982,34989,6336.0;1982,16,9524.0;1982,17,3624.0;1982,19,3333.0;1982,21,11058.0;1982,23,2271.0;1982,28,6622.0;1982,34978,34648.0;1982,31,5673.0;1982,32,4039.0;1982,34,11865.0;1982,37,4898.0;1982,39,11172.0;1982,41,10000.0;1982,42,4865.0;1982,43,6603.0;1982,44,15303.0;1982,173,4000.0;1982,172,13369.0;1982,171,11422.0;1982,34845,11333.0;1982,34979,15644.0;1982,170,6497.0;1982,168,4516.0;1982,166,4099.0;1982,164,3044.0;1982,163,13905.0;1982,267,13158.0;1982,128,7879.0;1982,167,5996.0;1982,160,10559.0;1982,201,5599.0;1982,65,19741.0;1982,259,6869.0;1982,34982,4690.0;1982,3,18824.0;1982,6,31075.0;1982,149,12731.0;1982,206,10000.0;1982,148,10239.0;1982,145,5494.0;1982,139,5997.0;1982,138,16170.0;1982,137,3300.0;1982,136,8743.0;1982,135,10603.0;1982,134,7059.0;1982,8,16242.0;1983,16,9500.0;1983,17,2739.0;1983,19,3077.0;1983,21,10830.0;1983,23,6558.0;1983,28,6507.0;1983,34978,32712.0;1983,31,5587.0;1983,32,3873.0;1983,34,8680.0;1983,37,3889.0;1983,39,11274.0;1983,41,9492.0;1983,42,5000.0;1983,43,6021.0;1983,44,14036.0;1983,173,4000.0;1983,172,9766.0;1983,171,11422.0;1983,34845,11333.0;1983,34979,16321.0;1983,170,7271.0;1983,168,4333.0;1983,166,3608.0;1983,164,3291.0;1983,163,14953.0;1983,267,8591.0;1983,128,8182.0;1983,167,5998.0;1983,160,9916.0;1983,201,5505.0;1983,65,20635.0;1983,259,7496.0;1983,34982,8445.0;1983,3,17500.0;1983,6,24652.0;1983,149,13543.0;1983,206,10000.0;1983,148,8750.0;1983,145,5553.0;1983,139,6022.0;1983,138,11488.0;1983,137,3842.0;1983,136,14952.0;1983,135,8712.0;1983,134,6809.0;1983,8,16233.0;1983,132,8320.0;1983,14,9492.0;1983,129,5814.0;1983,125,6000.0;1983,124,13793.0;1983,123,3462.0;1983,120,23500.0;1983,118,8172.0;1983,117,5231.0;1983,212,20790.0;1983,113,6564.0;1983,110,5977.0;1983,142,8295.0;1983,107,5833.0;1983,5,30440.0;1983,105,6384.0;1983,101,5003.0;1983,100,3211.0;1983,98,8418.0;1983,97,7461.0;1983,96,7405.0;1983,11,25171.0;1983,95,1899.0;1983,93,5857.0;1983,127,10116.0;1983,245,24800.0;1983,92,3133.0;1983,91,8408.0;1983,82,4815.0;1983,81,6709.0;1983,9,6938.0;1983,141,6078.0;1983,5396,16665.0;1983,78,3688.0;1983,10,7397.0;1983,77,20000.0;1983,75,6429.0;1983,3897,11500.0;1983,74,1946.0;1983,70,14583.0;1983,68,7889.0;1983,64,6051.0;1983,13,15273.0;1983,63,6087.0;1983,270,25577.0;1983,238,4797.0;1983,84,5257.0;1983,34980,9875.0;1983,80,7258.0;1983,355,5881.0;1983,273,6552.0;1983,462,7191.0;1983,463,5090.0;1983,464,11683.0;1983,465,6479.0;1983,466,2736.0;1983,290,5864.0;1983,450,15203.0;1983,477,6599.0;1983,436,6533.0;1983,295,4501.0;1983,275,5675.0;1983,467,10766.0;1983,470,3960.0;1983,471,9253.0;1983,472,14554.0;1983,276,6445.0;1983,473,5746.0;1983,474,7397.0;1983,475,6844.0;1983,476,21421.0;1983,277,6558.0;1983,34981,6558.0;1983,318,4995.0;1983,454,6798.0;1983,34987,7847.0;1983,5398,6622.0;1983,34988,4668.0;1983,34989,6618.0;1984,132,8499.0;1984,14,17523.0;1984,129,6122.0;1984,125,6000.0;1984,124,13000.0;1984,123,1631.0;1984,120,25128.0;1984,118,8621.0;1984,117,5333.0;1984,212,28571.0;1984,113,5542.0;1984,110,5930.0;1984,142,8639.0;1984,107,5385.0;1984,5,24162.0;1984,105,7022.0;1984,101,5180.0;1984,100,2962.0;1984,98,8593.0;1984,97,8402.0;1984,96,7420.0;1984,11,25805.0;1984,95,2145.0;1984,93,5600.0;1984,127,9790.0;1984,245,21500.0;1984,92,3524.0;1984,91,7497.0;1984,82,4121.0;1984,81,8140.0;1984,9,6933.0;1984,141,3640.0;1984,5396,18949.0;1984,78,4701.0;1984,10,11886.0;1984,77,17288.0;1984,75,7300.0;1984,3897,10250.0;1984,74,2663.0;1984,70,14681.0;1984,68,7662.0;1984,64,6273.0;1984,13,16171.0;1984,63,6170.0;1984,270,26038.0;1984,238,4587.0;1984,84,5613.0;1984,34980,9873.0;1984,80,7258.0;1984,355,5951.0;1984,273,6514.0;1984,462,7096.0;1984,463,4738.0;1984,464,10698.0;1984,465,7531.0;1984,466,3703.0;1984,290,6226.0;1984,450,16106.0;1984,477,5786.0;1984,436,6848.0;1984,295,5322.0;1984,275,5576.0;1984,467,11696.0;1984,470,3569.0;1984,471,9434.0;1984,472,14448.0;1984,276,6591.0;1984,473,6048.0;1984,474,11886.0;1984,475,6912.0;1984,476,21307.0;1984,277,6223.0;1984,34981,6223.0;1984,318,5218.0;1984,454,6785.0;1984,34987,7555.0;1984,5398,6920.0;1984,34988,4373.0;1984,34989,6629.0;1984,16,9474.0;1984,17,2803.0;1984,19,2857.0;1984,21,10346.0;1984,23,6223.0;1984,28,6617.0;1984,34978,30896.0;1984,31,6909.0;1984,32,5302.0;1984,34,13848.0;1984,37,4935.0;1984,39,8550.0;1984,41,9640.0;1984,42,4571.0;1984,43,5381.0;1984,44,14836.0;1984,173,4000.0;1984,172,11132.0;1984,171,12064.0;1984,34845,12000.0;1984,34979,16424.0;1984,170,7316.0;1984,168,4516.0;1984,166,4643.0;1984,164,3069.0;1984,163,16423.0;1984,267,10471.0;1984,128,8485.0;1984,167,5998.0;1984,160,10912.0;1984,201,5880.0;1984,65,21429.0;1984,259,8411.0;1984,34982,10315.0;1984,3,17283.0;1984,6,29905.0;1984,149,14101.0;1984,206,10000.0;1984,148,7907.0;1984,145,5594.0;1984,139,5576.0;1984,138,8215.0;1984,137,3437.0;1984,136,14619.0;1984,135,8693.0;1984,134,6636.0;1984,8,16837.0;1985,16,9412.0;1985,17,3352.0;1985,19,2857.0;1985,21,10363.0;1985,23,4613.0;1985,28,6026.0;1985,34978,32894.0;1985,31,5906.0;1985,32,4382.0;1985,34,13884.0;1985,37,4795.0;1985,39,8136.0;1985,41,10033.0;1985,42,5385.0;1985,43,6944.0;1985,44,16071.0;1985,173,4000.0;1985,172,12123.0;1985,171,11490.0;1985,34845,11429.0;1985,34979,16022.0;1985,170,7505.0;1985,168,4688.0;1985,166,5366.0;1985,164,2656.0;1985,163,17575.0;1985,267,12541.0;1985,128,8657.0;1985,167,5998.0;1985,160,6889.0;1985,201,6271.0;1985,65,21739.0;1985,259,5926.0;1985,34982,6131.0;1985,3,19101.0;1985,6,35945.0;1985,149,13996.0;1985,206,8125.0;1985,148,7349.0;1985,145,5670.0;1985,139,5714.0;1985,138,11757.0;1985,137,3307.0;1985,136,15544.0;1985,135,9389.0;1985,134,7636.0;1985,8,15731.0;1985,132,8274.0;1985,14,16592.0;1985,129,6122.0;1985,125,6162.0;1985,124,13333.0;1985,123,3404.0;1985,120,25000.0;1985,118,7701.0;1985,117,5286.0;1985,212,28571.0;1985,113,5116.0;1985,110,5930.0;1985,142,8032.0;1985,107,5219.0;1985,5,27967.0;1985,105,6411.0;1985,101,5054.0;1985,100,3537.0;1985,98,8598.0;1985,97,8050.0;1985,96,7121.0;1985,11,21552.0;1985,95,2390.0;1985,93,5128.0;1985,127,10040.0;1985,245,21500.0;1985,92,11202.0;1985,91,9233.0;1985,82,5128.0;1985,81,12985.0;1985,9,6871.0;1985,141,7199.0;1985,5396,11765.0;1985,78,14603.0;1985,10,16600.0;1985,77,17781.0;1985,75,6112.0;1985,3897,11143.0;1985,74,2288.0;1985,70,11333.0;1985,68,7978.0;1985,64,6122.0;1985,13,16871.0;1985,63,6170.0;1985,270,25789.0;1985,238,5199.0;1985,84,5634.0;1985,34980,9450.0;1985,80,7460.0;1985,355,5867.0;1985,273,6874.0;1985,462,7392.0;1985,463,5007.0;1985,464,10396.0;1985,465,12082.0;1985,466,3125.0;1985,290,6091.0;1985,450,16825.0;1985,477,5364.0;1985,436,5472.0;1985,295,5235.0;1985,275,5252.0;1985,467,11191.0;1985,470,3452.0;1985,471,8934.0;1985,472,11456.0;1985,276,9867.0;1985,473,14002.0;1985,474,16600.0;1985,475,6841.0;1985,476,24785.0;1985,277,4613.0;1985,34981,4613.0;1985,318,8508.0;1985,454,6892.0;1985,34987,8294.0;1985,5398,5574.0;1985,34988,4308.0;1985,34989,6645.0;1986,132,8364.0;1986,14,16482.0;1986,129,6154.0;1986,125,6444.0;1986,124,19032.0;1986,123,2230.0;1986,120,25263.0;1986,118,7776.0;1986,117,5352.0;1986,212,20000.0;1986,113,6004.0;1986,110,5952.0;1986,142,8698.0;1986,107,5258.0;1986,5,28249.0;1986,105,5953.0;1986,101,4909.0;1986,100,3508.0;1986,98,6841.0;1986,97,8014.0;1986,96,7204.0;1986,11,16274.0;1986,95,5390.0;1986,93,5625.0;1986,127,10810.0;1986,245,18900.0;1986,92,9314.0;1986,91,8411.0;1986,82,4394.0;1986,81,12099.0;1986,9,7342.0;1986,141,7239.0;1986,5396,11765.0;1986,78,9900.0;1986,10,20144.0;1986,77,14633.0;1986,75,6109.0;1986,3897,12000.0;1986,74,1933.0;1986,70,11167.0;1986,68,6730.0;1986,64,7233.0;1986,13,17213.0;1986,63,6250.0;1986,270,12453.0;1986,238,5182.0;1986,84,5901.0;1986,34980,8962.0;1986,80,7500.0;1986,355,5709.0;1986,273,6759.0;1986,462,7285.0;1986,463,4860.0;1986,464,12629.0;1986,465,10377.0;1986,466,3299.0;1986,290,5780.0;1986,450,16698.0;1986,477,5996.0;1986,436,7046.0;1986,295,4518.0;1986,275,5181.0;1986,467,10638.0;1986,470,3444.0;1986,471,9025.0;1986,472,11092.0;1986,276,10007.0;1986,473,10448.0;1986,474,20144.0;1986,475,9015.0;1986,476,24978.0;1986,277,4124.0;1986,34981,4124.0;1986,318,10094.0;1986,454,6892.0;1986,34987,7646.0;1986,5398,7127.0;1986,34988,4278.0;1986,34989,6730.0;1986,16,11667.0;1986,17,3813.0;1986,19,2733.0;1986,21,9323.0;1986,23,4124.0;1986,28,6515.0;1986,34978,31105.0;1986,31,6493.0;1986,32,5289.0;1986,34,14265.0;1986,37,4052.0;1986,39,10475.0;1986,41,10097.0;1986,42,6154.0;1986,43,7242.0;1986,44,9565.0;1986,173,4000.0;1986,172,9932.0;1986,171,10765.0;1986,34845,10714.0;1986,34979,15426.0;1986,170,8185.0;1986,168,5000.0;1986,166,4963.0;1986,164,3342.0;1986,163,15691.0;1986,267,10162.0;1986,128,8772.0;1986,167,5599.0;1986,160,11397.0;1986,201,5091.0;1986,65,22556.0;1986,259,8148.0;1986,34982,5126.0;1986,3,18824.0;1986,6,33325.0;1986,149,13366.0;1986,206,10000.0;1986,148,5956.0;1986,145,6494.0;1986,139,5345.0;1986,138,9781.0;1986,137,3287.0;1986,136,14656.0;1986,135,9829.0;1986,134,6595.0;1986,8,16626.0;1987,16,7826.0;1987,17,2786.0;1987,19,2733.0;1987,21,8400.0;1987,23,5901.0;1987,28,6776.0;1987,34978,29794.0;1987,31,6900.0;1987,32,4867.0;1987,34,13125.0;1987,37,3842.0;1987,39,7393.0;1987,41,10019.0;1987,42,7931.0;1987,43,5992.0;1987,44,22081.0;1987,173,4043.0;1987,172,9477.0;1987,171,10441.0;1987,34845,10386.0;1987,34979,16147.0;1987,170,7467.0;1987,168,5625.0;1987,166,5965.0;1987,164,2398.0;1987,163,14276.0;1987,267,11079.0;1987,128,8764.0;1987,167,5601.0;1987,160,8257.0;1987,201,5167.0;1987,65,27772.0;1987,259,3930.0;1987,34982,5907.0;1987,3,18571.0;1987,6,30987.0;1987,149,13787.0;1987,206,10000.0;1987,148,6302.0;1987,145,6513.0;1987,139,5428.0;1987,138,6930.0;1987,137,3719.0;1987,136,13936.0;1987,135,8427.0;1987,134,8410.0;1987,8,15345.0;1987,132,7458.0;1987,14,15531.0;1987,129,6364.0;1987,125,6227.0;1987,124,21401.0;1987,123,2597.0;1987,120,26875.0;1987,118,8269.0;1987,117,5417.0;1987,212,20282.0;1987,113,5729.0;1987,110,6098.0;1987,142,9338.0;1987,107,5791.0;1987,5,17548.0;1987,105,5035.0;1987,101,4636.0;1987,100,3414.0;1987,98,10429.0;1987,97,7266.0;1987,96,7276.0;1987,11,15228.0;1987,95,5478.0;1987,93,5652.0;1987,127,10437.0;1987,245,15091.0;1987,92,6678.0;1987,91,8182.0;1987,82,3230.0;1987,81,11379.0;1987,9,7043.0;1987,141,7451.0;1987,5396,12500.0;1987,78,7500.0;1987,10,16039.0;1987,77,16639.0;1987,75,6108.0;1987,3897,10667.0;1987,74,3162.0;1987,70,11674.0;1987,68,8016.0;1987,64,7291.0;1987,13,17524.0;1987,63,6200.0;1987,270,12353.0;1987,238,5415.0;1987,84,6013.0;1987,34980,9066.0;1987,80,6923.0;1987,355,5881.0;1987,273,6955.0;1987,462,7468.0;1987,463,4572.0;1987,464,15508.0;1987,465,10141.0;1987,466,3900.0;1987,290,5767.0;1987,450,17877.0;1987,477,5690.0;1987,436,5989.0;1987,295,4278.0;1987,275,5536.0;1987,467,10360.0;1987,470,3857.0;1987,471,9103.0;1987,472,11788.0;1987,276,8796.0;1987,473,8305.0;1987,474,16039.0;1987,475,8665.0;1987,476,21623.0;1987,277,5901.0;1987,34981,5901.0;1987,318,8397.0;1987,454,7185.0;1987,34987,8085.0;1987,5398,6073.0;1987,34988,4687.0;1987,34989,6870.0;1988,132,7719.0;1988,14,15214.0;1988,129,6552.0;1988,125,5746.0;1988,124,21103.0;1988,123,3180.0;1988,120,26667.0;1988,118,8588.0;1988,117,5479.0;1988,212,20282.0;1988,113,4429.0;1988,110,6071.0;1988,142,8952.0;1988,107,5368.0;1988,5,26087.0;1988,105,5251.0;1988,101,4186.0;1988,100,4560.0;1988,98,10475.0;1988,97,7901.0;1988,96,7246.0;1988,11,19447.0;1988,95,5771.0;1988,93,5556.0;1988,127,11952.0;1988,245,18500.0;1988,92,6597.0;1988,91,7463.0;1988,82,2317.0;1988,81,12597.0;1988,9,6429.0;1988,141,7376.0;1988,5396,15000.0;1988,78,6784.0;1988,10,22348.0;1988,77,15862.0;1988,75,7199.0;1988,3897,11667.0;1988,74,1682.0;1988,71,3736.0;1988,70,11997.0;1988,68,7596.0;1988,64,7348.0;1988,13,15951.0;1988,63,6170.0;1988,270,15000.0;1988,238,5503.0;1988,84,5938.0;1988,61,22876.0;1988,34980,8987.0;1988,80,6970.0;1988,355,6180.0;1988,273,6974.0;1988,462,7434.0;1988,463,5200.0;1988,464,12777.0;1988,465,10201.0;1988,466,3201.0;1988,290,5855.0;1988,450,16480.0;1988,477,4807.0;1988,436,6112.0;1988,295,5261.0;1988,275,6086.0;1988,467,12229.0;1988,470,4360.0;1988,471,9364.0;1988,472,12129.0;1988,276,9039.0;1988,473,8716.0;1988,474,21879.0;1988,475,8618.0;1988,476,23734.0;1988,277,5407.0;1988,34981,5407.0;1988,318,8511.0;1988,454,7060.0;1988,34987,7993.0;1988,5398,6196.0;1988,34988,5045.0;1988,34989,6861.0;1988,16,7500.0;1988,17,2870.0;1988,19,2727.0;1988,21,10082.0;1988,23,5407.0;1988,28,6172.0;1988,34978,32596.0;1988,31,6443.0;1988,32,5067.0;1988,34,12018.0;1988,37,4862.0;1988,39,6837.0;1988,41,10457.0;1988,42,5000.0;1988,43,6208.0;1988,44,23294.0;1988,173,9657.0;1988,172,13185.0;1988,171,12902.0;1988,34845,12885.0;1988,34979,15119.0;1988,170,7492.0;1988,168,6061.0;1988,166,5434.0;1988,164,2916.0;1988,163,9813.0;1988,267,11093.0;1988,128,9000.0;1988,167,5860.0;1988,160,7892.0;1988,201,5883.0;1988,65,22024.0;1988,259,8479.0;1988,34982,7070.0;1988,3,19730.0;1988,6,30842.0;1988,149,14565.0;1988,206,10000.0;1988,148,6672.0;1988,145,6600.0;1988,139,6634.0;1988,138,8400.0;1988,137,4283.0;1988,136,13953.0;1988,135,8383.0;1988,134,9108.0;1988,2,21545.0;1988,8,17100.0;1989,16,10000.0;1989,17,4227.0;1989,19,2727.0;1989,21,9103.0;1989,23,5846.0;1989,28,6391.0;1989,34978,34901.0;1989,31,9164.0;1989,32,5365.0;1989,34,12286.0;1989,37,4460.0;1989,39,10910.0;1989,41,8815.0;1989,42,5385.0;1989,43,7370.0;1989,44,16000.0;1989,173,7209.0;1989,172,11517.0;1989,171,10050.0;1989,34845,10000.0;1989,34979,15748.0;1989,170,7530.0;1989,168,6176.0;1989,166,5411.0;1989,164,2612.0;1989,163,14101.0;1989,267,12235.0;1989,128,9143.0;1989,167,5801.0;1989,160,8395.0;1989,201,5968.0;1989,65,24091.0;1989,259,6963.0;1989,34982,7607.0;1989,3,16667.0;1989,6,30147.0;1989,149,16496.0;1989,206,9667.0;1989,148,9333.0;1989,145,6905.0;1989,139,7023.0;1989,138,8803.0;1989,137,4026.0;1989,136,14130.0;1989,135,5691.0;1989,134,6617.0;1989,2,57607.0;1989,8,16386.0;1989,132,7647.0;1989,14,15713.0;1989,129,6315.0;1989,125,6328.0;1989,124,21154.0;1989,123,5419.0;1989,120,28571.0;1989,118,8576.0;1989,117,5448.0;1989,212,20282.0;1989,113,4493.0;1989,110,6118.0;1989,142,6674.0;1989,107,5442.0;1989,5,30000.0;1989,105,5915.0;1989,101,4202.0;1989,100,4778.0;1989,98,10705.0;1989,97,7861.0;1989,96,7043.0;1989,11,17869.0;1989,95,5664.0;1989,93,5714.0;1989,127,11514.0;1989,245,13864.0;1989,92,7271.0;1989,91,8405.0;1989,82,3095.0;1989,81,14625.0;1989,9,6359.0;1989,141,7578.0;1989,5396,15000.0;1989,78,7642.0;1989,10,15232.0;1989,77,15313.0;1989,75,7175.0;1989,3897,11111.0;1989,74,2007.0;1989,71,3485.0;1989,70,10904.0;1989,68,8092.0;1989,64,7406.0;1989,13,16110.0;1989,63,6122.0;1989,270,19192.0;1989,238,5559.0;1989,84,6381.0;1989,61,31777.0;1989,34980,9177.0;1989,80,6992.0;1989,355,5952.0;1989,273,7010.0;1989,462,7322.0;1989,463,5248.0;1989,464,13824.0;1989,465,12655.0;1989,466,3498.0;1989,290,5889.0;1989,450,16103.0;1989,477,5103.0;1989,436,6235.0;1989,295,4854.0;1989,275,5535.0;1989,467,10187.0;1989,470,4096.0;1989,471,9075.0;1989,472,11170.0;1989,276,9815.0;1989,473,10390.0;1989,474,31086.0;1989,475,8815.0;1989,476,22291.0;1989,277,5846.0;1989,34981,5846.0;1989,318,9064.0;1989,454,6831.0;1989,34987,7941.0;1989,5398,6362.0;1989,34988,4872.0;1989,34989,6620.0;1990,132,9954.0;1990,14,16888.0;1990,129,8382.0;1990,125,7243.0;1990,124,20779.0;1990,123,18849.0;1990,120,30769.0;1990,118,8287.0;1990,117,5667.0;1990,212,20662.0;1990,113,6148.0;1990,110,5779.0;1990,142,6080.0;1990,107,5529.0;1990,5,68580.0;1990,105,6327.0;1990,104,5000.0;1990,101,4227.0;1990,100,4293.0;1990,98,10235.0;1990,97,8270.0;1990,96,7284.0;1990,11,26484.0;1990,95,5236.0;1990,93,5625.0;1990,127,10605.0;1990,245,22049.0;1990,92,7996.0;1990,91,7427.0;1990,82,3256.0;1990,81,15632.0;1990,9,6416.0;1990,141,6954.0;1990,5396,15000.0;1990,78,1993.0;1990,10,16767.0;1990,77,16860.0;1990,75,7088.0;1990,3897,8042.0;1990,74,1716.0;1990,71,6014.0;1990,70,12311.0;1990,68,8001.0;1990,64,7463.0;1990,13,17416.0;1990,63,7052.0;1990,270,10856.0;1990,238,5922.0;1990,84,5709.0;1990,61,23263.0;1990,34980,8882.0;1990,80,7015.0;1990,355,6609.0;1990,273,7687.0;1990,462,8162.0;1990,463,5367.0;1990,464,14751.0;1990,465,14742.0;1990,466,3304.0;1990,290,6847.0;1990,450,17524.0;1990,477,6398.0;1990,436,6149.0;1990,295,5304.0;1990,275,6106.0;1990,467,13818.0;1990,470,4320.0;1990,471,8796.0;1990,472,12416.0;1990,276,9273.0;1990,473,10070.0;1990,474,26089.0;1990,475,8214.0;1990,476,24381.0;1990,277,5611.0;1990,34981,5611.0;1990,318,9382.0;1990,454,7021.0;1990,34987,8568.0;1990,5398,6183.0;1990,34988,5113.0;1990,34989,7061.0;1990,16,6364.0;1990,17,8673.0;1990,19,2727.0;1990,21,10021.0;1990,23,5611.0;1990,28,6585.0;1990,34978,27096.0;1990,31,6482.0;1990,32,5259.0;1990,34,12431.0;1990,37,4774.0;1990,39,5782.0;1990,41,13184.0;1990,42,4800.0;1990,43,7504.0;1990,44,19194.0;1990,173,6431.0;1990,172,12702.0;1990,171,15008.0;1990,34845,15000.0;1990,34979,15878.0;1990,170,8029.0;1990,168,6571.0;1990,166,5382.0;1990,164,2808.0;1990,163,15294.0;1990,267,10300.0;1990,128,9207.0;1990,167,5808.0;1990,154,2703.0;1990,160,7841.0;1990,201,5411.0;1990,65,24564.0;1990,259,8407.0;1990,34982,7387.0;1990,3,13058.0;1990,6,30736.0;1990,149,15963.0;1990,206,9786.0;1990,148,9092.0;1990,145,6897.0;1990,139,7933.0;1990,138,8845.0;1990,137,4172.0;1990,136,13932.0;1990,135,14454.0;1990,134,6111.0;1990,2,44144.0;1990,8,15607.0;1991,16,8133.0;1991,17,5729.0;1991,19,2727.0;1991,21,12739.0;1991,23,6942.0;1991,28,6669.0;1991,34978,24289.0;1991,31,9432.0;1991,32,5691.0;1991,34,12382.0;1991,37,5051.0;1991,39,10722.0;1991,41,11273.0;1991,42,4815.0;1991,43,8000.0;1991,44,13813.0;1991,173,4547.0;1991,172,13224.0;1991,171,9814.0;1991,34845,9742.0;1991,34979,16426.0;1991,170,8076.0;1991,168,6757.0;1991,166,4925.0;1991,164,2595.0;1991,163,9882.0;1991,267,10833.0;1991,128,9296.0;1991,167,5540.0;1991,154,2662.0;1991,160,5635.0;1991,201,5021.0;1991,65,25469.0;1991,259,8684.0;1991,34982,13043.0;1991,3,15350.0;1991,6,30830.0;1991,149,18062.0;1991,206,9846.0;1991,148,7791.0;1991,145,6915.0;1991,139,7425.0;1991,138,10200.0;1991,137,3645.0;1991,136,14125.0;1991,135,12134.0;1991,134,8741.0;1991,2,50000.0;1991,8,15893.0;1991,132,8182.0;1991,14,17382.0;1991,129,6651.0;1991,125,6546.0;1991,124,21387.0;1991,123,3356.0;1991,120,30303.0;1991,118,9498.0;1991,117,5578.0;1991,212,20000.0;1991,113,6931.0;1991,110,6278.0;1991,142,6432.0;1991,107,5717.0;1991,5,91780.0;1991,105,6389.0;1991,104,5000.0;1991,101,4293.0;1991,100,5424.0;1991,98,8593.0;1991,97,9564.0;1991,96,7335.0;1991,11,27909.0;1991,95,4811.0;1991,93,5714.0;1991,127,11367.0;1991,245,22387.0;1991,92,9969.0;1991,91,8542.0;1991,82,2759.0;1991,81,12500.0;1991,9,6400.0;1991,141,8551.0;1991,5396,15000.0;1991,78,4828.0;1991,10,14634.0;1991,77,16671.0;1991,75,7284.0;1991,3897,7765.0;1991,74,1928.0;1991,71,7041.0;1991,70,12044.0;1991,68,7513.0;1991,64,7521.0;1991,13,19776.0;1991,63,6170.0;1991,270,14286.0;1991,238,6149.0;1991,84,5999.0;1991,61,14465.0;1991,34980,9922.0;1991,80,7037.0;1991,355,6266.0;1991,273,7453.0;1991,462,7913.0;1991,463,5279.0;1991,464,17693.0;1991,465,11689.0;1991,466,3921.0;1991,290,7149.0;1991,450,19154.0;1991,477,6974.0;1991,436,5547.0;1991,295,5570.0;1991,275,5131.0;1991,467,10190.0;1991,470,3849.0;1991,471,8717.0;1991,472,12037.0;1991,276,10771.0;1991,473,13576.0;1991,474,24855.0;1991,475,8973.0;1991,476,27878.0;1991,277,6942.0;1991,34981,6942.0;1991,318,10896.0;1991,454,7139.0;1991,34987,8217.0;1991,5398,5685.0;1991,34988,4757.0;1991,34989,6992.0;1992,132,9380.0;1992,14,14971.0;1992,131,10000.0;1992,129,7641.0;1992,126,8125.0;1992,125,7133.0;1992,122,10000.0;1992,124,23116.0;1992,123,2918.0;1992,120,30000.0;1992,119,4416.0;1992,118,9037.0;1992,117,5379.0;1992,212,16667.0;1992,113,5546.0;1992,110,6247.0;1992,142,6704.0;1992,107,5420.0;1992,5,77660.0;1992,105,6393.0;1992,104,5000.0;1992,101,4286.0;1992,100,4287.0;1992,98,8649.0;1992,97,8784.0;1992,96,7110.0;1992,11,17321.0;1992,95,5672.0;1992,93,5625.0;1992,127,12011.0;1992,111,9820.0;1992,245,21609.0;1992,92,8879.0;1992,12,14578.0;1992,91,6923.0;1992,268,30417.0;1992,83,5719.0;1992,82,2632.0;1992,81,5001.0;1992,9,5946.0;1992,141,4872.0;1992,5396,15000.0;1992,78,5000.0;1992,10,14800.0;1992,77,16740.0;1992,76,19806.0;1992,75,7464.0;1992,66,21605.0;1992,3897,7996.0;1992,74,2433.0;1992,71,8287.0;1992,70,11959.0;1992,68,7500.0;1992,67,12863.0;1992,64,7578.0;1992,13,16571.0;1992,63,6122.0;1992,238,6402.0;1992,84,5592.0;1992,61,16843.0;1992,80,6667.0;1992,355,6451.0;1992,273,7145.0;1992,462,7811.0;1992,463,5242.0;1992,464,13992.0;1992,465,4880.0;1992,466,4385.0;1992,290,6770.0;1992,450,16830.0;1992,477,5943.0;1992,436,5196.0;1992,295,5896.0;1992,275,5839.0;1992,469,10120.0;1992,467,9431.0;1992,470,4582.0;1992,471,9301.0;1992,472,12055.0;1992,276,12423.0;1992,473,11545.0;1992,474,25567.0;1992,475,12442.0;1992,476,26757.0;1992,277,5000.0;1992,34981,5000.0;1992,318,10744.0;1992,454,6935.0;1992,34987,8028.0;1992,5398,5274.0;1992,34988,5347.0;1992,34989,6848.0;1992,16,12286.0;1992,17,7733.0;1992,19,2667.0;1992,21,11599.0;1992,22,16149.0;1992,23,5000.0;1992,25,20909.0;1992,28,6860.0;1992,30,12727.0;1992,34978,33801.0;1992,31,6906.0;1992,32,6271.0;1992,34,11898.0;1992,35,10606.0;1992,37,5433.0;1992,39,9376.0;1992,41,11530.0;1992,42,5833.0;1992,43,8182.0;1992,44,19341.0;1992,173,3766.0;1992,172,12954.0;1992,171,9000.0;1992,34845,8923.0;1992,34979,16110.0;1992,170,9430.0;1992,168,6000.0;1992,166,5632.0;1992,165,26691.0;1992,164,2042.0;1992,163,20366.0;1992,267,14271.0;1992,128,8979.0;1992,167,5485.0;1992,154,2683.0;1992,160,8426.0;1992,201,6534.0;1992,65,21177.0;1992,259,7825.0;1992,156,6667.0;1992,34982,8664.0;1992,3,17884.0;1992,152,6316.0;1992,149,17657.0;1992,206,9831.0;1992,148,8183.0;1992,145,6918.0;1992,139,6542.0;1992,138,8501.0;1992,137,4426.0;1992,136,15228.0;1992,135,11383.0;1992,134,8889.0;1992,2,50000.0;1992,8,16694.0;1993,16,11676.0;1993,17,5980.0;1993,19,3913.0;1993,21,11043.0;1993,22,20265.0;1993,23,11475.0;1993,25,16087.0;1993,28,6777.0;1993,30,17297.0;1993,34978,29189.0;1993,31,9028.0;1993,32,6371.0;1993,34,9650.0;1993,35,10647.0;1993,37,6380.0;1993,39,6775.0;1993,41,10867.0;1993,42,5227.0;1993,43,8333.0;1993,44,16208.0;1993,173,3796.0;1993,172,11681.0;1993,171,10451.0;1993,34845,10417.0;1993,34979,17257.0;1993,170,9091.0;1993,168,6501.0;1993,166,5651.0;1993,165,27000.0;1993,164,1790.0;1993,163,15078.0;1993,162,12098.0;1993,128,8926.0;1993,167,5487.0;1993,154,2690.0;1993,160,7320.0;1993,201,6664.0;1993,65,22000.0;1993,259,8359.0;1993,157,7143.0;1993,156,11667.0;1993,158,5314.0;1993,3,22336.0;1993,152,5714.0;1993,149,17927.0;1993,206,9818.0;1993,148,8246.0;1993,145,6944.0;1993,139,6617.0;1993,138,9826.0;1993,137,3834.0;1993,136,15125.0;1993,135,13602.0;1993,134,9474.0;1993,2,42683.0;1993,8,18092.0;1993,132,9814.0;1993,14,10272.0;1993,131,10500.0;1993,129,6508.0;1993,126,7778.0;1993,125,6962.0;1993,122,96700.0;1993,124,23500.0;1993,123,3476.0;1993,120,29787.0;1993,119,7500.0;1993,118,8786.0;1993,117,5503.0;1993,212,16667.0;1993,113,6871.0;1993,110,6050.0;1993,142,6547.0;1993,107,5514.0;1993,5,67580.0;1993,105,6697.0;1993,104,5000.0;1993,101,4213.0;1993,100,4410.0;1993,98,8232.0;1993,97,9158.0;1993,96,7091.0;1993,11,23871.0;1993,95,5148.0;1993,93,6798.0;1993,127,10815.0;1993,111,12930.0;1993,245,6727.0;1993,92,14078.0;1993,12,14148.0;1993,91,6850.0;1993,268,20647.0;1993,85,13337.0;1993,83,6860.0;1993,82,2444.0;1993,81,13225.0;1993,9,5438.0;1993,141,7955.0;1993,5396,16667.0;1993,78,5714.0;1993,10,14902.0;1993,77,18000.0;1993,76,3802.0;1993,75,8561.0;1993,66,15097.0;1993,3897,7259.0;1993,74,2141.0;1993,71,9000.0;1993,70,12360.0;1993,68,7754.0;1993,67,14615.0;1993,64,7636.0;1993,13,15144.0;1993,63,6100.0;1993,238,6287.0;1993,84,5794.0;1993,61,17143.0;1993,80,7377.0;1993,355,6599.0;1993,273,6970.0;1993,462,7469.0;1993,463,5626.0;1993,464,12262.0;1993,465,12133.0;1993,466,3606.0;1993,290,7549.0;1993,450,15260.0;1993,477,6932.0;1993,436,4716.0;1993,295,6743.0;1993,275,5707.0;1993,469,10033.0;1993,467,10143.0;1993,470,4025.0;1993,471,9088.0;1993,472,12308.0;1993,276,13450.0;1993,473,14469.0;1993,474,30752.0;1993,475,11402.0;1993,476,29794.0;1993,277,11475.0;1993,34981,11475.0;1993,318,12334.0;1993,454,6774.0;1993,34987,7991.0;1993,5398,4878.0;1993,34988,4880.0;1993,34989,6598.0;1994,132,9633.0;1994,14,15097.0;1994,131,7333.0;1994,129,4319.0;1994,126,10162.0;1994,125,6575.0;1994,122,20000.0;1994,124,23689.0;1994,123,3213.0;1994,120,30189.0;1994,119,13000.0;1994,118,8388.0;1994,117,5424.0;1994,212,18746.0;1994,113,6538.0;1994,110,6118.0;1994,142,6506.0;1994,107,5821.0;1994,5,24205.0;1994,105,6510.0;1994,104,5000.0;1994,101,4560.0;1994,100,4834.0;1994,98,6812.0;1994,97,10538.0;1994,96,7138.0;1994,11,10574.0;1994,95,5227.0;1994,93,5833.0;1994,127,9107.0;1994,111,7598.0;1994,245,7143.0;1994,92,11731.0;1994,12,11111.0;1994,91,7733.0;1994,268,26496.0;1994,85,17355.0;1994,83,23009.0;1994,82,2253.0;1994,81,9313.0;1994,9,6236.0;1994,141,7925.0;1994,5396,17857.0;1994,78,6579.0;1994,10,14615.0;1994,77,17368.0;1994,76,4000.0;1994,75,7235.0;1994,66,18058.0;1994,3897,8261.0;1994,74,3231.0;1994,71,2960.0;1994,70,11043.0;1994,68,6585.0;1994,67,12308.0;1994,64,7693.0;1994,13,17719.0;1994,63,6127.0;1994,238,6879.0;1994,84,6392.0;1994,61,15819.0;1994,80,7198.0;1994,355,6537.0;1994,273,6214.0;1994,462,6254.0;1994,463,5937.0;1994,464,13745.0;1994,465,8556.0;1994,466,4946.0;1994,290,7452.0;1994,450,18083.0;1994,477,6572.0;1994,436,4650.0;1994,295,6494.0;1994,275,5773.0;1994,469,7396.0;1994,467,10545.0;1994,470,3837.0;1994,471,9449.0;1994,472,11356.0;1994,276,12181.0;1994,473,10615.0;1994,474,29893.0;1994,475,12630.0;1994,476,21677.0;1994,277,5381.0;1994,34981,5381.0;1994,318,11319.0;1994,454,6479.0;1994,34987,6834.0;1994,5398,4835.0;1994,34988,4561.0;1994,34989,6136.0;1994,16,8966.0;1994,17,3475.0;1994,19,5192.0;1994,21,11635.0;1994,22,24000.0;1994,23,5381.0;1994,25,33333.0;1994,28,6979.0;1994,30,12143.0;1994,34978,22387.0;1994,31,10075.0;1994,32,6431.0;1994,34,11523.0;1994,35,10759.0;1994,37,6159.0;1994,39,8067.0;1994,41,9277.0;1994,42,6538.0;1994,43,8462.0;1994,44,21472.0;1994,173,7225.0;1994,172,12177.0;1994,171,10747.0;1994,34845,10714.0;1994,34979,17994.0;1994,170,9319.0;1994,168,6634.0;1994,166,6214.0;1994,165,29600.0;1994,164,1949.0;1994,163,13333.0;1994,162,7585.0;1994,128,8824.0;1994,167,5504.0;1994,154,2696.0;1994,160,8601.0;1994,201,6148.0;1994,65,23988.0;1994,259,8264.0;1994,157,7242.0;1994,156,33333.0;1994,158,2492.0;1994,3,20553.0;1994,152,7652.0;1994,149,17502.0;1994,206,10200.0;1994,148,6788.0;1994,145,6895.0;1994,139,6201.0;1994,138,10158.0;1994,137,3657.0;1994,136,18548.0;1994,135,13788.0;1994,134,9444.0;1994,2,45405.0;1994,8,18178.0;1995,16,9011.0;1995,17,5220.0;1995,19,4000.0;1995,21,10748.0;1995,22,15044.0;1995,23,5645.0;1995,25,21000.0;1995,28,6822.0;1995,30,14423.0;1995,34978,24661.0;1995,31,8105.0;1995,32,5765.0;1995,34,9828.0;1995,35,10727.0;1995,37,5885.0;1995,39,11856.0;1995,41,10996.0;1995,42,7773.0;1995,43,8571.0;1995,44,19361.0;1995,173,4779.0;1995,172,12000.0;1995,171,11031.0;1995,34845,11000.0;1995,34979,17573.0;1995,170,9793.0;1995,168,6669.0;1995,166,5920.0;1995,165,32443.0;1995,164,2607.0;1995,163,12836.0;1995,162,13263.0;1995,128,8636.0;1995,167,5559.0;1995,154,2707.0;1995,160,7453.0;1995,201,7035.0;1995,65,22613.0;1995,259,8436.0;1995,157,7692.0;1995,156,35600.0;1995,158,3499.0;1995,3,20884.0;1995,152,11563.0;1995,149,17842.0;1995,206,10046.0;1995,148,7438.0;1995,145,6977.0;1995,139,5598.0;1995,138,9825.0;1995,137,4391.0;1995,136,12500.0;1995,135,15265.0;1995,134,9432.0;1995,2,45946.0;1995,8,16351.0;1995,132,10000.0;1995,14,19506.0;1995,131,2667.0;1995,129,5217.0;1995,126,8000.0;1995,125,6920.0;1995,122,30000.0;1995,124,24752.0;1995,123,12380.0;1995,120,30000.0;1995,119,13333.0;1995,118,9684.0;1995,117,5625.0;1995,212,16786.0;1995,114,7895.0;1995,113,6229.0;1995,110,6628.0;1995,142,6815.0;1995,107,6390.0;1995,5,24336.0;1995,105,6366.0;1995,104,5008.0;1995,101,4625.0;1995,100,5195.0;1995,98,8981.0;1995,97,9614.0;1995,96,7663.0;1995,11,18949.0;1995,95,5082.0;1995,93,6765.0;1995,127,10425.0;1995,111,7593.0;1995,245,7143.0;1995,92,13989.0;1995,12,9153.0;1995,91,7000.0;1995,268,30096.0;1995,85,15856.0;1995,83,20174.0;1995,82,2364.0;1995,81,9104.0;1995,9,6441.0;1995,141,8841.0;1995,5396,18519.0;1995,78,7367.0;1995,10,12143.0;1995,77,15333.0;1995,76,3799.0;1995,75,7032.0;1995,66,18717.0;1995,3897,7032.0;1995,74,2246.0;1995,71,5314.0;1995,70,13235.0;1995,68,6500.0;1995,67,14964.0;1995,64,7751.0;1995,13,18139.0;1995,63,6130.0;1995,238,7492.0;1995,84,6216.0;1995,61,15953.0;1995,80,6897.0;1995,355,6774.0;1995,273,6437.0;1995,462,6722.0;1995,463,5562.0;1995,464,12705.0;1995,465,9158.0;1995,466,3906.0;1995,290,7439.0;1995,450,18286.0;1995,477,6322.0;1995,436,4916.0;1995,295,6352.0;1995,275,6155.0;1995,469,3051.0;1995,467,10914.0;1995,470,4560.0;1995,471,7908.0;1995,472,13263.0;1995,276,13848.0;1995,473,13545.0;1995,474,33616.0;1995,475,13200.0;1995,476,22120.0;1995,277,5645.0;1995,34981,5645.0;1995,318,13029.0;1995,454,6649.0;1995,34987,7198.0;1995,5398,5089.0;1995,34988,5190.0;1995,34989,6371.0;1996,132,10000.0;1996,14,16391.0;1996,131,3750.0;1996,129,3136.0;1996,126,15238.0;1996,125,6887.0;1996,122,24000.0;1996,124,24528.0;1996,123,6591.0;1996,120,29841.0;1996,119,20000.0;1996,118,9397.0;1996,117,5588.0;1996,212,25000.0;1996,114,8065.0;1996,113,6586.0;1996,110,6667.0;1996,142,7303.0;1996,107,6000.0;1996,5,26130.0;1996,105,6269.0;1996,104,5011.0;1996,101,4721.0;1996,100,5367.0;1996,98,7422.0;1996,97,9104.0;1996,96,7581.0;1996,11,17956.0;1996,95,5360.0;1996,93,5556.0;1996,127,12578.0;1996,111,6850.0;1996,245,7143.0;1996,92,11122.0;1996,12,9324.0;1996,91,6974.0;1996,268,26786.0;1996,85,15550.0;1996,83,20098.0;1996,82,2500.0;1996,81,9829.0;1996,9,5526.0;1996,141,9100.0;1996,5396,13605.0;1996,78,9091.0;1996,10,14286.0;1996,77,18259.0;1996,76,4009.0;1996,75,7074.0;1996,66,15894.0;1996,3897,7645.0;1996,74,2464.0;1996,71,7500.0;1996,70,13333.0;1996,68,3805.0;1996,67,13793.0;1996,64,7808.0;1996,13,17919.0;1996,63,6078.0;1996,238,7411.0;1996,84,6316.0;1996,61,15744.0;1996,80,7119.0;1996,355,6551.0;1996,273,5891.0;1996,462,5942.0;1996,463,5701.0;1996,464,13814.0;1996,465,9374.0;1996,466,4006.0;1996,290,7352.0;1996,450,17707.0;1996,477,6620.0;1996,436,5146.0;1996,295,6174.0;1996,275,6003.0;1996,469,6095.0;1996,467,12071.0;1996,470,4376.0;1996,471,7435.0;1996,472,13700.0;1996,276,12784.0;1996,473,11945.0;1996,474,32674.0;1996,475,12581.0;1996,476,23880.0;1996,277,9450.0;1996,34981,9450.0;1996,318,11133.0;1996,454,6555.0;1996,34987,6501.0;1996,5398,5310.0;1996,34988,4830.0;1996,34989,6139.0;1996,16,10665.0;1996,17,4675.0;1996,19,3535.0;1996,21,9113.0;1996,22,24065.0;1996,23,9450.0;1996,25,12153.0;1996,28,7012.0;1996,30,15542.0;1996,34978,28540.0;1996,31,8510.0;1996,32,6348.0;1996,34,10717.0;1996,35,11455.0;1996,37,5709.0;1996,39,4694.0;1996,41,10471.0;1996,42,5142.0;1996,43,8667.0;1996,44,15909.0;1996,173,4784.0;1996,172,13288.0;1996,171,12785.0;1996,34845,12750.0;1996,34979,18756.0;1996,170,9741.0;1996,168,7008.0;1996,166,6277.0;1996,165,28991.0;1996,164,2998.0;1996,163,6628.0;1996,162,14040.0;1996,128,8438.0;1996,167,5413.0;1996,154,2711.0;1996,160,6824.0;1996,201,6627.0;1996,65,25250.0;1996,259,8732.0;1996,157,5713.0;1996,156,20077.0;1996,158,10784.0;1996,3,21569.0;1996,152,17266.0;1996,149,20352.0;1996,206,10000.0;1996,148,6555.0;1996,145,6900.0;1996,139,6515.0;1996,138,11026.0;1996,137,4168.0;1996,136,9106.0;1996,135,14456.0;1996,134,9412.0;1996,2,45946.0;1996,8,17694.0;1997,16,9486.0;1997,17,4614.0;1997,19,3759.0;1997,21,10466.0;1997,22,20526.0;1997,23,8409.0;1997,25,14170.0;1997,28,6917.0;1997,30,17661.0;1997,34978,34600.0;1997,31,10612.0;1997,32,7080.0;1997,33,20000.0;1997,34,11622.0;1997,35,12256.0;1997,37,6453.0;1997,39,6544.0;1997,41,10125.0;1997,42,5584.0;1997,43,8750.0;1997,44,19156.0;1997,173,5429.0;1997,172,12009.0;1997,171,12328.0;1997,34845,12284.0;1997,34979,19971.0;1997,170,10096.0;1997,168,7853.0;1997,166,3166.0;1997,143,9000.0;1997,165,27293.0;1997,164,3149.0;1997,163,12308.0;1997,162,16725.0;1997,128,9032.0;1997,167,5406.0;1997,154,2716.0;1997,160,8097.0;1997,201,6535.0;1997,65,25263.0;1997,259,8135.0;1997,157,2500.0;1997,156,20322.0;1997,158,9249.0;1997,3,21298.0;1997,152,11333.0;1997,149,18782.0;1997,206,10063.0;1997,148,5920.0;1997,145,6897.0;1997,139,8979.0;1997,138,9650.0;1997,137,3511.0;1997,136,8902.0;1997,135,13157.0;1997,134,9432.0;1997,2,45946.0;1997,8,18014.0;1997,132,10100.0;1997,14,16034.0;1997,131,5000.0;1997,129,3127.0;1997,126,16200.0;1997,125,7519.0;1997,122,17500.0;1997,124,28000.0;1997,123,10396.0;1997,120,30156.0;1997,119,19231.0;1997,118,8921.0;1997,117,5578.0;1997,212,21326.0;1997,114,8000.0;1997,113,5975.0;1997,110,6445.0;1997,142,6800.0;1997,107,6267.0;1997,5,28935.0;1997,105,5318.0;1997,104,5013.0;1997,101,4695.0;1997,100,5518.0;1997,98,9142.0;1997,97,8482.0;1997,96,7574.0;1997,11,18196.0;1997,95,5510.0;1997,93,5882.0;1997,127,11047.0;1997,111,11728.0;1997,245,7692.0;1997,92,16789.0;1997,12,10019.0;1997,91,5606.0;1997,268,30000.0;1997,85,16479.0;1997,83,22148.0;1997,82,2632.0;1997,81,14311.0;1997,9,7708.0;1997,141,8295.0;1997,5396,17460.0;1997,78,11836.0;1997,10,21429.0;1997,77,17438.0;1997,76,12464.0;1997,75,7310.0;1997,66,21647.0;1997,3897,7713.0;1997,74,2761.0;1997,71,5400.0;1997,70,13429.0;1997,68,3508.0;1997,67,15000.0;1997,64,7866.0;1997,13,18714.0;1997,63,6138.0;1997,238,7577.0;1997,84,6341.0;1997,61,15288.0;1997,80,7500.0;1997,355,6398.0;1997,273,5767.0;1997,462,5602.0;1997,463,5807.0;1997,464,13887.0;1997,465,13324.0;1997,466,4813.0;1997,290,7792.0;1997,450,18763.0;1997,477,6083.0;1997,436,5217.0;1997,295,6882.0;1997,275,5380.0;1997,469,10106.0;1997,467,11778.0;1997,470,3721.0;1997,471,7100.0;1997,472,13356.0;1997,276,15397.0;1997,473,15028.0;1997,474,29366.0;1997,475,14686.0;1997,476,24673.0;1997,277,8409.0;1997,34981,8409.0;1997,318,13623.0;1997,454,6294.0;1997,34987,6304.0;1997,5398,5417.0;1997,34988,4376.0;1997,34989,5938.0;1998,132,9836.0;1998,14,17067.0;1998,131,7740.0;1998,129,3845.0;1998,126,15942.0;1998,125,8484.0;1998,122,20000.0;1998,124,20000.0;1998,123,11167.0;1998,120,29846.0;1998,119,21154.0;1998,118,9017.0;1998,117,4793.0;1998,212,21560.0;1998,114,8046.0;1998,113,5873.0;1998,110,6471.0;1998,142,8112.0;1998,107,6539.0;1998,5,27390.0;1998,105,7904.0;1998,104,5015.0;1998,101,4713.0;1998,100,6789.0;1998,98,6999.0;1998,97,9155.0;1998,96,7552.0;1998,11,19730.0;1998,95,5535.0;1998,93,6842.0;1998,127,10512.0;1998,111,9120.0;1998,245,7500.0;1998,92,16456.0;1998,12,9460.0;1998,91,6552.0;1998,268,24640.0;1998,85,16331.0;1998,83,23828.0;1998,82,2364.0;1998,81,12898.0;1998,9,8525.0;1998,141,8910.0;1998,5396,17822.0;1998,78,10465.0;1998,10,17778.0;1998,77,15000.0;1998,76,3818.0;1998,75,7824.0;1998,66,19801.0;1998,3897,11377.0;1998,74,2177.0;1998,71,6231.0;1998,70,13721.0;1998,68,6000.0;1998,67,14545.0;1998,64,7923.0;1998,13,17778.0;1998,63,6155.0;1998,238,7502.0;1998,84,6506.0;1998,61,15438.0;1998,80,7500.0;1998,355,6755.0;1998,273,6264.0;1998,462,6356.0;1998,463,5821.0;1998,464,13689.0;1998,465,12434.0;1998,466,4600.0;1998,290,7966.0;1998,450,17987.0;1998,477,6109.0;1998,436,5451.0;1998,295,7143.0;1998,275,5871.0;1998,469,9772.0;1998,467,12335.0;1998,470,3734.0;1998,471,8033.0;1998,472,13568.0;1998,276,13350.0;1998,473,11611.0;1998,474,33747.0;1998,475,15001.0;1998,476,23813.0;1998,277,9815.0;1998,34981,9815.0;1998,318,14388.0;1998,454,6959.0;1998,34987,6979.0;1998,5398,5616.0;1998,34988,4631.0;1998,34989,6553.0;1998,16,10848.0;1998,17,5832.0;1998,19,4023.0;1998,21,11257.0;1998,22,18794.0;1998,23,9815.0;1998,25,21340.0;1998,28,6415.0;1998,29,56604.0;1998,30,10552.0;1998,34978,27649.0;1998,31,7237.0;1998,32,6660.0;1998,33,20000.0;1998,34,10048.0;1998,35,13826.0;1998,37,6613.0;1998,39,6018.0;1998,41,10182.0;1998,42,5564.0;1998,43,8824.0;1998,44,19712.0;1998,173,5595.0;1998,172,14335.0;1998,171,13184.0;1998,34845,13163.0;1998,34979,17666.0;1998,170,9454.0;1998,168,7598.0;1998,166,3443.0;1998,143,9000.0;1998,165,35323.0;1998,164,4090.0;1998,163,17647.0;1998,162,12613.0;1998,128,8485.0;1998,167,5410.0;1998,154,2727.0;1998,160,7321.0;1998,201,5449.0;1998,65,25389.0;1998,259,5971.0;1998,157,4907.0;1998,156,17835.0;1998,158,7759.0;1998,3,21748.0;1998,152,9855.0;1998,149,18425.0;1998,206,10094.0;1998,148,6276.0;1998,145,6920.0;1998,139,9219.0;1998,138,13013.0;1998,137,3459.0;1998,136,9029.0;1998,135,15757.0;1998,134,10000.0;1998,2,45000.0;1998,8,17941.0;1999,16,11404.0;1999,17,5397.0;1999,19,3563.0;1999,21,10561.0;1999,22,20332.0;1999,23,9038.0;1999,25,14052.0;1999,28,6804.0;1999,29,56364.0;1999,30,8492.0;1999,34978,33091.0;1999,31,8318.0;1999,32,6594.0;1999,33,20000.0;1999,34,9925.0;1999,35,13661.0;1999,37,6815.0;1999,39,6957.0;1999,41,9888.0;1999,42,5949.0;1999,43,8583.0;1999,44,18979.0;1999,173,5791.0;1999,172,10592.0;1999,171,14425.0;1999,34845,14415.0;1999,34979,16318.0;1999,170,10108.0;1999,168,7814.0;1999,166,4824.0;1999,143,9000.0;1999,165,33872.0;1999,164,8309.0;1999,163,11875.0;1999,162,13345.0;1999,128,8741.0;1999,167,5410.0;1999,154,2716.0;1999,160,8464.0;1999,201,5303.0;1999,65,28284.0;1999,259,8935.0;1999,157,7597.0;1999,156,10186.0;1999,158,6696.0;1999,3,23317.0;1999,152,9289.0;1999,149,20690.0;1999,206,10126.0;1999,148,6965.0;1999,145,6961.0;1999,139,4785.0;1999,138,12755.0;1999,137,4800.0;1999,136,8897.0;1999,135,15944.0;1999,134,9670.0;1999,2,44444.0;1999,8,19615.0;1999,132,10000.0;1999,14,17647.0;1999,131,9167.0;1999,129,4742.0;1999,126,18636.0;1999,125,8703.0;1999,122,14000.0;1999,124,25000.0;1999,123,7966.0;1999,120,29878.0;1999,119,10000.0;1999,118,9880.0;1999,117,3678.0;1999,212,22415.0;1999,114,8000.0;1999,113,6199.0;1999,110,6134.0;1999,142,7376.0;1999,107,6698.0;1999,5,28421.0;1999,105,6525.0;1999,104,5019.0;1999,101,4815.0;1999,100,4771.0;1999,98,7484.0;1999,97,9456.0;1999,96,7433.0;1999,11,19457.0;1999,95,5178.0;1999,93,57333.0;1999,127,10554.0;1999,111,8426.0;1999,245,7500.0;1999,92,17049.0;1999,12,8333.0;1999,91,6153.0;1999,268,29907.0;1999,85,14586.0;1999,83,22211.0;1999,82,2500.0;1999,81,13580.0;1999,9,11019.0;1999,141,8981.0;1999,5396,18095.0;1999,78,6444.0;1999,10,14106.0;1999,77,13860.0;1999,76,9048.0;1999,75,8097.0;1999,66,21769.0;1999,3897,9000.0;1999,74,3353.0;1999,71,6474.0;1999,70,13621.0;1999,68,5994.0;1999,67,14375.0;1999,64,7976.0;1999,13,19756.0;1999,63,6154.0;1999,238,7782.0;1999,84,7191.0;1999,61,15362.0;1999,80,7258.0;1999,355,7488.0;1999,273,6418.0;1999,462,6370.0;1999,463,5865.0;1999,464,13582.0;1999,465,12376.0;1999,466,5256.0;1999,290,8339.0;1999,450,19628.0;1999,477,6268.0;1999,436,7970.0;1999,295,7212.0;1999,275,7019.0;1999,469,13020.0;1999,467,13322.0;1999,470,5044.0;1999,471,7616.0;1999,472,13339.0;1999,276,13433.0;1999,473,10825.0;1999,474,26899.0;1999,475,17764.0;1999,476,25445.0;1999,277,9038.0;1999,34981,9038.0;1999,318,15415.0;1999,454,6794.0;1999,34987,6760.0;1999,5398,8008.0;1999,34988,5565.0;1999,34989,6561.0;2000,132,9502.0;2000,14,18319.0;2000,131,15500.0;2000,129,4300.0;2000,126,18687.0;2000,125,8477.0;2000,122,15000.0;2000,124,15873.0;2000,123,7999.0;2000,120,30303.0;2000,119,19286.0;2000,118,8926.0;2000,117,4044.0;2000,212,21985.0;2000,114,10020.0;2000,113,5908.0;2000,110,5199.0;2000,142,7293.0;2000,108,14286.0;2000,107,7164.0;2000,5,28664.0;2000,105,7780.0;2000,104,5000.0;2000,101,4915.0;2000,100,4075.0;2000,98,6720.0;2000,97,9210.0;2000,96,6925.0;2000,11,18634.0;2000,95,5147.0;2000,93,57195.0;2000,127,9475.0;2000,111,5533.0;2000,245,7654.0;2000,92,8321.0;2000,12,12191.0;2000,91,6463.0;2000,268,12504.0;2000,85,12027.0;2000,83,18803.0;2000,82,2632.0;2000,81,11560.0;2000,9,10670.0;2000,141,9022.0;2000,5396,21088.0;2000,78,3239.0;2000,10,14407.0;2000,77,16120.0;2000,76,3694.0;2000,75,8067.0;2000,66,18887.0;2000,3897,7778.0;2000,74,2894.0;2000,71,6441.0;2000,70,13068.0;2000,68,6009.0;2000,67,16898.0;2000,64,8033.0;2000,13,18404.0;2000,63,6250.0;2000,238,8152.0;2000,84,6905.0;2000,61,15010.0;2000,80,7778.0;2000,355,7390.0;2000,273,6312.0;2000,462,6258.0;2000,463,5851.0;2000,464,15226.0;2000,465,10595.0;2000,466,5318.0;2000,290,8200.0;2000,450,18034.0;2000,477,6337.0;2000,436,8214.0;2000,295,7382.0;2000,275,7022.0;2000,469,16877.0;2000,467,12801.0;2000,470,5118.0;2000,471,7493.0;2000,472,12738.0;2000,276,12518.0;2000,473,11991.0;2000,474,27669.0;2000,475,12555.0;2000,476,29968.0;2000,277,11154.0;2000,34981,11154.0;2000,318,12098.0;2000,454,6729.0;2000,34987,6587.0;2000,5398,8205.0;2000,34988,5639.0;2000,34989,6532.0;2000,16,11200.0;2000,17,3273.0;2000,19,3855.0;2000,21,10760.0;2000,22,19248.0;2000,23,11154.0;2000,25,17729.0;2000,28,6773.0;2000,29,56667.0;2000,30,13714.0;2000,4,30000.0;2000,31,8235.0;2000,32,7188.0;2000,33,20684.0;2000,34,9963.0;2000,35,5573.0;2000,37,7013.0;2000,39,2958.0;2000,41,8926.0;2000,42,6595.0;2000,43,8541.0;2000,44,16503.0;2000,173,5326.0;2000,172,14106.0;2000,171,13749.0;2000,34845,13750.0;2000,34979,13579.0;2000,170,10762.0;2000,168,7826.0;2000,166,5267.0;2000,143,9000.0;2000,165,15248.0;2000,164,10055.0;2000,163,11250.0;2000,162,14141.0;2000,128,8889.0;2000,167,5410.0;2000,154,2706.0;2000,160,5404.0;2000,201,5422.0;2000,65,29241.0;2000,259,8625.0;2000,157,4972.0;2000,156,18096.0;2000,158,6724.0;2000,3,30457.0;2000,152,3354.0;2000,149,19820.0;2000,206,10000.0;2000,148,7144.0;2000,145,6500.0;2000,139,7040.0;2000,138,10060.0;2000,137,4871.0;2000,136,8545.0;2000,135,16512.0;2000,134,9889.0;2000,2,60000.0;2000,8,18354.0;2001,16,11946.0;2001,17,6220.0;2001,19,4004.0;2001,21,10231.0;2001,22,17337.0;2001,23,10593.0;2001,25,17920.0;2001,28,7399.0;2001,29,56154.0;2001,30,14016.0;2001,4,20000.0;2001,31,7798.0;2001,32,6760.0;2001,33,21119.0;2001,34,10074.0;2001,35,10835.0;2001,37,7112.0;2001,39,10052.0;2001,41,9957.0;2001,42,6328.0;2001,43,8378.0;2001,44,16992.0;2001,173,5259.0;2001,172,16970.0;2001,171,13531.0;2001,34845,13534.0;2001,34979,12871.0;2001,170,10745.0;2001,168,7728.0;2001,166,6618.0;2001,143,9000.0;2001,165,25567.0;2001,164,9599.0;2001,163,11515.0;2001,162,16403.0;2001,128,8750.0;2001,167,5410.0;2001,154,2697.0;2001,160,7500.0;2001,201,5567.0;2001,65,27931.0;2001,259,8797.0;2001,157,9120.0;2001,156,35213.0;2001,158,6262.0;2001,3,29653.0;2001,152,10465.0;2001,150,6158.0;2001,149,20673.0;2001,206,10202.0;2001,148,7349.0;2001,145,6489.0;2001,139,7754.0;2001,138,12268.0;2001,137,5476.0;2001,136,9600.0;2001,135,15732.0;2001,134,9889.0;2001,2,56429.0;2001,8,19289.0;2001,132,10154.0;2001,14,16034.0;2001,131,17444.0;2001,129,3808.0;2001,126,18608.0;2001,125,11903.0;2001,122,15385.0;2001,124,16667.0;2001,123,6355.0;2001,120,30439.0;2001,119,18636.0;2001,118,9044.0;2001,117,5075.0;2001,212,22520.0;2001,114,7600.0;2001,113,6258.0;2001,110,5217.0;2001,142,7764.0;2001,108,15000.0;2001,107,7140.0;2001,5,33333.0;2001,105,7685.0;2001,104,5025.0;2001,101,4871.0;2001,100,3867.0;2001,98,8433.0;2001,97,9541.0;2001,96,7476.0;2001,11,17728.0;2001,95,5145.0;2001,93,57115.0;2001,127,9895.0;2001,111,12678.0;2001,245,7616.0;2001,92,16977.0;2001,12,13146.0;2001,91,7040.0;2001,268,24481.0;2001,85,13833.0;2001,83,16997.0;2001,82,2661.0;2001,81,13389.0;2001,9,12159.0;2001,141,8780.0;2001,5396,23810.0;2001,78,3158.0;2001,10,6257.0;2001,77,15108.0;2001,76,6206.0;2001,75,8047.0;2001,66,25902.0;2001,3897,8000.0;2001,74,3056.0;2001,71,6250.0;2001,70,12857.0;2001,68,6990.0;2001,67,21521.0;2001,64,7946.0;2001,13,17584.0;2001,63,6226.0;2001,238,7970.0;2001,84,7643.0;2001,61,14733.0;2001,80,7813.0;2001,355,7621.0;2001,273,6471.0;2001,462,6423.0;2001,463,5765.0;2001,464,17269.0;2001,465,12051.0;2001,466,5403.0;2001,290,8204.0;2001,450,17435.0;2001,477,6609.0;2001,436,8384.0;2001,295,7550.0;2001,275,7456.0;2001,469,17735.0;2001,467,12613.0;2001,470,5628.0;2001,471,7981.0;2001,472,12788.0;2001,276,16260.0;2001,473,15469.0;2001,474,28501.0;2001,475,17009.0;2001,476,30663.0;2001,277,10593.0;2001,34981,10593.0;2001,318,16740.0;2001,454,7091.0;2001,34987,7237.0;2001,5398,8354.0;2001,34988,6019.0;2001,34989,6744.0;2002,132,9864.0;2002,14,17619.0;2002,131,9143.0;2002,129,5177.0;2002,126,18671.0;2002,125,8915.0;2002,122,17241.0;2002,124,17778.0;2002,123,6021.0;2002,120,30433.0;2002,119,12500.0;2002,210,41282.0;2002,118,8481.0;2002,117,4318.0;2002,212,23167.0;2002,114,8252.0;2002,113,7540.0;2002,110,6186.0;2002,109,4017.0;2002,142,8005.0;2002,108,13333.0;2002,107,7313.0;2002,5,44315.0;2002,105,7894.0;2002,104,5000.0;2002,101,5350.0;2002,100,3916.0;2002,98,8180.0;2002,97,9383.0;2002,96,7491.0;2002,11,19389.0;2002,95,5213.0;2002,93,56875.0;2002,127,9830.0;2002,111,7420.0;2002,245,7578.0;2002,92,13116.0;2002,12,11851.0;2002,91,6897.0;2002,268,22779.0;2002,85,11221.0;2002,83,19417.0;2002,82,2645.0;2002,81,13877.0;2002,9,12008.0;2002,141,9173.0;2002,5396,19231.0;2002,78,3476.0;2002,10,12134.0;2002,77,15995.0;2002,76,9299.0;2002,75,7911.0;2002,66,23056.0;2002,3897,7500.0;2002,74,2771.0;2002,71,8320.0;2002,70,13889.0;2002,68,6993.0;2002,67,18795.0;2002,64,8122.0;2002,13,19538.0;2002,63,6262.0;2002,238,7896.0;2002,84,7137.0;2002,61,15126.0;2002,80,8462.0;2002,355,7203.0;2002,273,6486.0;2002,462,6423.0;2002,463,5871.0;2002,464,16955.0;2002,465,12271.0;2002,466,6096.0;2002,290,8931.0;2002,450,19463.0;2002,477,7534.0;2002,436,8723.0;2002,295,7703.0;2002,275,6127.0;2002,469,17089.0;2002,467,13296.0;2002,470,3672.0;2002,471,7958.0;2002,472,13786.0;2002,276,16313.0;2002,473,15430.0;2002,474,20820.0;2002,475,17406.0;2002,476,32443.0;2002,277,7923.0;2002,34981,7923.0;2002,318,16434.0;2002,454,6948.0;2002,34987,6996.0;2002,5398,8594.0;2002,34988,4782.0;2002,34989,6819.0;2002,16,14080.0;2002,17,7261.0;2002,19,3793.0;2002,21,10832.0;2002,22,19615.0;2002,23,7923.0;2002,25,18526.0;2002,28,7040.0;2002,29,56286.0;2002,30,16786.0;2002,4,20000.0;2002,31,5751.0;2002,32,7248.0;2002,33,21667.0;2002,34,10066.0;2002,35,11489.0;2002,37,7401.0;2002,39,9920.0;2002,41,9061.0;2002,42,6802.0;2002,43,8779.0;2002,44,19218.0;2002,173,5171.0;2002,172,15978.0;2002,171,14299.0;2002,34845,14291.0;2002,34979,16511.0;2002,170,10713.0;2002,168,7826.0;2002,166,5743.0;2002,143,9000.0;2002,165,29647.0;2002,164,10706.0;2002,163,11515.0;2002,162,18500.0;2002,128,8767.0;2002,167,5412.0;2002,154,2717.0;2002,160,6614.0;2002,201,2896.0;2002,65,27413.0;2002,259,9933.0;2002,157,912.0;2002,156,12986.0;2002,158,4772.0;2002,3,28492.0;2002,152,10262.0;2002,150,7752.0;2002,149,20976.0;2002,206,10241.0;2002,148,7233.0;2002,145,6500.0;2002,139,6296.0;2002,138,11425.0;2002,137,3335.0;2002,136,8372.0;2002,135,18919.0;2002,134,11429.0;2002,2,50000.0;2002,8,18831.0;2003,16,10230.0;2003,17,7026.0;2003,19,4010.0;2003,21,11626.0;2003,22,25155.0;2003,23,19492.0;2003,25,20488.0;2003,28,6997.0;2003,29,56111.0;2003,30,21232.0;2003,4,23645.0;2003,31,8994.0;2003,32,6849.0;2003,33,21364.0;2003,34,12751.0;2003,35,8194.0;2003,37,8072.0;2003,39,9880.0;2003,41,9029.0;2003,42,7342.0;2003,43,8814.0;2003,44,21521.0;2003,173,5143.0;2003,172,18519.0;2003,171,15765.0;2003,34845,15756.0;2003,34979,17993.0;2003,170,10876.0;2003,168,7791.0;2003,166,7235.0;2003,143,9000.0;2003,165,19415.0;2003,164,11894.0;2003,163,11765.0;2003,162,14873.0;2003,128,8571.0;2003,167,5410.0;2003,154,2727.0;2003,160,7836.0;2003,201,2627.0;2003,65,27251.0;2003,259,9953.0;2003,157,697.0;2003,156,5420.0;2003,158,6471.0;2003,3,28927.0;2003,152,11870.0;2003,150,7647.0;2003,149,22144.0;2003,206,10298.0;2003,148,7233.0;2003,145,6506.0;2003,139,6712.0;2003,138,9579.0;2003,137,4562.0;2003,136,10749.0;2003,135,18894.0;2003,134,12362.0;2003,2,50000.0;2003,8,14182.0;2003,132,10179.0;2003,14,14927.0;2003,131,10000.0;2003,129,4780.0;2003,126,19304.0;2003,125,8449.0;2003,122,17500.0;2003,124,15957.0;2003,123,3313.0;2003,120,30437.0;2003,119,25000.0;2003,210,30192.0;2003,118,9034.0;2003,117,4719.0;2003,212,23131.0;2003,114,8466.0;2003,113,7431.0;2003,110,7000.0;2003,109,3397.0;2003,142,8847.0;2003,108,14815.0;2003,107,7802.0;2003,5,34699.0;2003,105,7968.0;2003,104,4973.0;2003,101,5427.0;2003,100,3235.0;2003,98,8874.0;2003,97,10183.0;2003,96,7295.0;2003,11,18600.0;2003,95,4647.0;2003,93,5789.0;2003,127,9611.0;2003,111,7998.0;2003,245,7575.0;2003,92,14698.0;2003,12,15902.0;2003,91,6715.0;2003,268,18310.0;2003,85,10458.0;2003,83,6325.0;2003,82,2692.0;2003,81,13398.0;2003,9,12712.0;2003,141,8834.0;2003,5396,21817.0;2003,78,3449.0;2003,10,11328.0;2003,77,14888.0;2003,76,28277.0;2003,75,7683.0;2003,66,27671.0;2003,3897,8532.0;2003,74,2978.0;2003,71,6667.0;2003,70,15432.0;2003,68,6731.0;2003,67,13721.0;2003,64,4842.0;2003,13,18717.0;2003,63,6296.0;2003,238,8081.0;2003,84,7641.0;2003,61,14902.0;2003,80,7410.0;2003,355,7418.0;2003,273,5930.0;2003,462,5695.0;2003,463,5860.0;2003,464,18033.0;2003,465,11278.0;2003,466,6114.0;2003,290,9069.0;2003,450,19359.0;2003,477,7516.0;2003,436,9688.0;2003,295,8335.0;2003,275,6867.0;2003,469,17697.0;2003,467,14255.0;2003,470,4791.0;2003,471,8830.0;2003,472,15300.0;2003,276,15536.0;2003,473,15187.0;2003,474,29230.0;2003,475,14619.0;2003,476,30908.0;2003,277,19492.0;2003,34981,19492.0;2003,318,15801.0;2003,454,6798.0;2003,34987,6988.0;2003,5398,9632.0;2003,34988,5202.0;2003,34989,6714.0;2004,132,10243.0;2004,14,21654.0;2004,131,13333.0;2004,129,3526.0;2004,126,18435.0;2004,125,8822.0;2004,122,24000.0;2004,124,19608.0;2004,123,5637.0;2004,120,30469.0;2004,119,23043.0;2004,210,28614.0;2004,118,8430.0;2004,117,3647.0;2004,212,22992.0;2004,114,8447.0;2004,113,6932.0;2004,110,7136.0;2004,109,3333.0;2004,142,8996.0;2004,108,15000.0;2004,107,7931.0;2004,5,35464.0;2004,105,7479.0;2004,104,5000.0;2004,101,5643.0;2004,100,3200.0;2004,98,8870.0;2004,97,10168.0;2004,96,7293.0;2004,11,18591.0;2004,95,4465.0;2004,93,6316.0;2004,127,11465.0;2004,111,8836.0;2004,245,7606.0;2004,92,11780.0;2004,12,17444.0;2004,91,6207.0;2004,268,24714.0;2004,85,8479.0;2004,83,22108.0;2004,82,2761.0;2004,81,14235.0;2004,9,13467.0;2004,141,9071.0;2004,5396,22215.0;2004,78,3719.0;2004,10,11733.0;2004,77,28372.0;2004,76,20585.0;2004,75,7588.0;2004,66,27102.0;2004,3897,8684.0;2004,74,3104.0;2004,71,5000.0;2004,70,16129.0;2004,68,5603.0;2004,67,15638.0;2004,64,5520.0;2004,13,16404.0;2004,63,6262.0;2004,238,8361.0;2004,84,7720.0;2004,61,28636.0;2004,80,8278.0;2004,355,6738.0;2004,273,5582.0;2004,462,5291.0;2004,463,5282.0;2004,464,17202.0;2004,465,12817.0;2004,466,6279.0;2004,290,8359.0;2004,450,16670.0;2004,477,7116.0;2004,436,9736.0;2004,295,7793.0;2004,275,6061.0;2004,469,18172.0;2004,467,14001.0;2004,470,3600.0;2004,471,8920.0;2004,472,15846.0;2004,276,17242.0;2004,473,16738.0;2004,474,32972.0;2004,475,16618.0;2004,476,29854.0;2004,277,17263.0;2004,34981,17263.0;2004,318,14892.0;2004,454,6669.0;2004,34987,6689.0;2004,5398,9651.0;2004,34988,4373.0;2004,34989,6539.0;2004,16,13023.0;2004,17,7937.0;2004,19,2286.0;2004,21,12552.0;2004,22,27565.0;2004,23,17263.0;2004,25,21575.0;2004,28,7392.0;2004,29,62462.0;2004,30,26668.0;2004,4,35268.0;2004,31,7715.0;2004,32,7652.0;2004,33,22720.0;2004,34,10981.0;2004,35,14511.0;2004,37,7457.0;2004,39,13129.0;2004,41,9176.0;2004,42,12165.0;2004,43,8848.0;2004,44,17732.0;2004,173,7870.0;2004,172,18374.0;2004,171,15254.0;2004,34845,15244.0;2004,34979,17748.0;2004,170,11192.0;2004,168,7995.0;2004,166,6407.0;2004,143,9000.0;2004,165,7266.0;2004,164,11845.0;2004,163,11625.0;2004,162,14514.0;2004,128,8889.0;2004,167,5410.0;2004,154,2763.0;2004,160,7461.0;2004,201,3368.0;2004,65,29159.0;2004,259,9685.0;2004,157,1999.0;2004,156,5505.0;2004,158,7144.0;2004,3,25291.0;2004,152,9673.0;2004,150,7721.0;2004,149,22320.0;2004,206,10376.0;2004,148,7193.0;2004,145,6501.0;2004,139,7607.0;2004,138,16151.0;2004,137,3284.0;2004,136,9751.0;2004,135,20474.0;2004,134,14448.0;2004,2,61875.0;2004,8,15543.0;2005,16,14658.0;2005,17,5522.0;2005,19,3109.0;2005,21,11864.0;2005,22,24200.0;2005,23,13125.0;2005,25,24036.0;2005,28,7435.0;2005,29,57167.0;2005,30,25676.0;2005,4,33067.0;2005,31,7997.0;2005,32,8193.0;2005,33,27735.0;2005,34,12543.0;2005,35,14171.0;2005,37,8061.0;2005,39,11742.0;2005,41,7811.0;2005,42,8285.0;2005,43,11375.0;2005,44,18917.0;2005,173,5653.0;2005,172,18961.0;2005,171,14744.0;2005,34845,14754.0;2005,34979,12413.0;2005,170,11543.0;2005,168,7817.0;2005,166,6179.0;2005,143,9000.0;2005,165,34053.0;2005,164,11200.0;2005,163,13438.0;2005,162,10000.0;2005,128,8714.0;2005,167,5410.0;2005,154,2703.0;2005,160,6979.0;2005,201,3740.0;2005,65,29177.0;2005,259,7610.0;2005,157,744.0;2005,156,2215.0;2005,158,8770.0;2005,3,27983.0;2005,152,24573.0;2005,150,7989.0;2005,149,22292.0;2005,206,10469.0;2005,148,6228.0;2005,145,6504.0;2005,139,7335.0;2005,138,19215.0;2005,137,3269.0;2005,136,10081.0;2005,135,19417.0;2005,134,16984.0;2005,2,51481.0;2005,8,21597.0;2005,132,10490.0;2005,14,21131.0;2005,131,12500.0;2005,129,3696.0;2005,126,18941.0;2005,125,12693.0;2005,122,16000.0;2005,124,11765.0;2005,123,2805.0;2005,120,31250.0;2005,119,14872.0;2005,210,30726.0;2005,118,10509.0;2005,117,3667.0;2005,212,23247.0;2005,114,8471.0;2005,113,6556.0;2005,110,7059.0;2005,109,2071.0;2005,142,9959.0;2005,108,15094.0;2005,107,8642.0;2005,5,36397.0;2005,105,7841.0;2005,104,5053.0;2005,101,5364.0;2005,100,3468.0;2005,98,8933.0;2005,97,10631.0;2005,96,7406.0;2005,11,18077.0;2005,95,3584.0;2005,93,7500.0;2005,127,10955.0;2005,111,13310.0;2005,245,7814.0;2005,92,7239.0;2005,12,17950.0;2005,91,6378.0;2005,268,25354.0;2005,85,9334.0;2005,83,21264.0;2005,82,2740.0;2005,81,14162.0;2005,9,13958.0;2005,141,9336.0;2005,5396,22716.0;2005,78,3634.0;2005,10,10699.0;2005,77,19231.0;2005,76,19515.0;2005,75,7330.0;2005,66,12112.0;2005,3897,8855.0;2005,74,3942.0;2005,71,10000.0;2005,70,14873.0;2005,68,5773.0;2005,67,15056.0;2005,64,7000.0;2005,13,19512.0;2005,63,6481.0;2005,238,8220.0;2005,84,7707.0;2005,61,24730.0;2005,80,4527.0;2005,355,7097.0;2005,273,5749.0;2005,462,5388.0;2005,463,5957.0;2005,464,18634.0;2005,465,12120.0;2005,466,6709.0;2005,290,9167.0;2005,450,19385.0;2005,477,6792.0;2005,436,8962.0;2005,295,8366.0;2005,275,6352.0;2005,469,18778.0;2005,467,13629.0;2005,470,3593.0;2005,471,9619.0;2005,472,15892.0;2005,276,16570.0;2005,473,15123.0;2005,474,26743.0;2005,475,17838.0;2005,476,30242.0;2005,277,13125.0;2005,34981,13125.0;2005,318,13456.0;2005,454,7131.0;2005,34987,6706.0;2005,5398,8929.0;2005,34988,4526.0;2005,34989,6803.0;2006,132,10636.0;2006,14,19668.0;2006,131,19887.0;2006,129,5343.0;2006,126,16342.0;2006,125,13077.0;2006,122,10000.0;2006,124,11561.0;2006,123,269.0;2006,120,31250.0;2006,119,6341.0;2006,210,34000.0;2006,118,10507.0;2006,117,4835.0;2006,212,25000.0;2006,114,8496.0;2006,113,8042.0;2006,215,23000.0;2006,110,6946.0;2006,109,2742.0;2006,142,10451.0;2006,108,14925.0;2006,107,7750.0;2006,5,16681.0;2006,105,7865.0;2006,104,5170.0;2006,101,6150.0;2006,100,4810.0;2006,98,8235.0;2006,97,11253.0;2006,96,7263.0;2006,11,12962.0;2006,95,5316.0;2006,93,7500.0;2006,127,11603.0;2006,111,13397.0;2006,245,7878.0;2006,92,6083.0;2006,12,17310.0;2006,91,7952.0;2006,88,19551.0;2006,85,7950.0;2006,83,9420.0;2006,82,2769.0;2006,81,12254.0;2006,9,15189.0;2006,141,9172.0;2006,5396,22716.0;2006,78,3527.0;2006,10,15291.0;2006,77,20689.0;2006,76,23887.0;2006,75,7749.0;2006,66,12805.0;2006,3897,8907.0;2006,74,2785.0;2006,71,5000.0;2006,70,15185.0;2006,68,4994.0;2006,67,15714.0;2006,64,7908.0;2006,13,17677.0;2006,63,6262.0;2006,238,8506.0;2006,84,7819.0;2006,61,24561.0;2006,80,4595.0;2006,355,7490.0;2006,273,6219.0;2006,462,6060.0;2006,463,5988.0;2006,464,18298.0;2006,465,8064.0;2006,466,6510.0;2006,290,9548.0;2006,450,18440.0;2006,477,7850.0;2006,436,8089.0;2006,295,8959.0;2006,275,6675.0;2006,469,16670.0;2006,467,14375.0;2006,470,4125.0;2006,471,10035.0;2006,472,15513.0;2006,276,14219.0;2006,473,12493.0;2006,474,21945.0;2006,475,16395.0;2006,476,24579.0;2006,277,12857.0;2006,34981,12857.0;2006,318,11617.0;2006,454,7522.0;2006,34987,6695.0;2006,5398,8108.0;2006,34988,5002.0;2006,34989,7365.0;2006,16,16118.0;2006,17,6116.0;2006,19,2653.0;2006,21,13730.0;2006,22,21000.0;2006,23,12857.0;2006,25,22383.0;2006,28,7734.0;2006,29,57077.0;2006,30,17410.0;2006,4,41039.0;2006,31,7617.0;2006,32,8387.0;2006,33,25417.0;2006,34,13193.0;2006,35,16023.0;2006,37,8571.0;2006,39,13174.0;2006,41,9085.0;2006,42,7935.0;2006,43,11655.0;2006,44,21123.0;2006,173,5037.0;2006,172,19595.0;2006,171,16324.0;2006,34845,16316.0;2006,34979,17872.0;2006,170,11322.0;2006,168,7609.0;2006,166,7919.0;2006,143,8700.0;2006,165,21770.0;2006,164,9200.0;2006,163,12875.0;2006,128,8784.0;2006,167,5410.0;2006,154,2727.0;2006,160,8299.0;2006,201,3283.0;2006,65,29682.0;2006,259,10385.0;2006,157,743.0;2006,156,5513.0;2006,158,8457.0;2006,3,26453.0;2006,152,12063.0;2006,150,9027.0;2006,149,21341.0;2006,206,10549.0;2006,148,5731.0;2006,145,6514.0;2006,139,7859.0;2006,138,25875.0;2006,137,3825.0;2006,136,10227.0;2006,135,21404.0;2006,134,18571.0;2006,2,45938.0;2006,8,15971.0;2007,16,14247.0;2007,17,6578.0;2007,19,2467.0;2007,21,13068.0;2007,22,26279.0;2007,23,6449.0;2007,25,21937.0;2007,28,8579.0;2007,29,63000.0;2007,30,23981.0;2007,4,30467.0;2007,31,8491.0;2007,32,7708.0;2007,33,20541.0;2007,34,13333.0;2007,35,11226.0;2007,37,8366.0;2007,39,13943.0;2007,41,9120.0;2007,42,8383.0;2007,43,13000.0;2007,44,18132.0;2007,173,6179.0;2007,172,16916.0;2007,171,15460.0;2007,34845,15451.0;2007,34979,17771.0;2007,170,11958.0;2007,168,7500.0;2007,166,7021.0;2007,143,8500.0;2007,165,5623.0;2007,164,11600.0;2007,163,12000.0;2007,128,8571.0;2007,167,5410.0;2007,154,2800.0;2007,160,8468.0;2007,201,2508.0;2007,65,29156.0;2007,259,8761.0;2007,157,667.0;2007,156,14167.0;2007,158,9971.0;2007,3,25503.0;2007,152,16154.0;2007,150,6483.0;2007,149,19030.0;2007,206,10000.0;2007,148,6984.0;2007,145,6481.0;2007,139,8593.0;2007,138,14469.0;2007,137,3930.0;2007,136,10532.0;2007,135,20420.0;2007,134,25012.0;2007,2,42727.0;2007,8,20075.0;2007,132,10508.0;2007,14,20302.0;2007,131,23578.0;2007,129,5079.0;2007,126,17252.0;2007,125,10082.0;2007,122,20000.0;2007,124,11976.0;2007,123,2666.0;2007,120,31250.0;2007,119,15833.0;2007,210,22041.0;2007,118,10513.0;2007,117,4942.0;2007,212,20000.0;2007,114,8520.0;2007,113,6674.0;2007,215,23000.0;2007,109,2795.0;2007,142,11096.0;2007,108,15750.0;2007,107,7742.0;2007,5,31818.0;2007,105,7361.0;2007,104,5244.0;2007,101,7004.0;2007,100,3903.0;2007,98,8235.0;2007,97,10889.0;2007,96,7451.0;2007,11,19363.0;2007,95,5263.0;2007,93,8000.0;2007,127,11165.0;2007,111,2830.0;2007,245,7935.0;2007,92,4496.0;2007,12,15636.0;2007,91,9185.0;2007,88,13799.0;2007,85,7294.0;2007,83,16056.0;2007,82,2760.0;2007,81,7796.0;2007,9,13030.0;2007,141,9712.0;2007,5396,22715.0;2007,78,3414.0;2007,10,16544.0;2007,77,19319.0;2007,76,18778.0;2007,75,7926.0;2007,66,13462.0;2007,3897,9904.0;2007,74,3505.0;2007,71,11333.0;2007,70,14118.0;2007,68,5000.0;2007,67,15248.0;2007,64,9679.0;2007,13,19387.0;2007,63,6273.0;2007,238,8284.0;2007,84,7727.0;2007,61,25896.0;2007,80,5382.0;2007,355,7328.0;2007,273,6497.0;2007,462,6579.0;2007,463,5806.0;2007,464,26495.0;2007,465,6103.0;2007,466,6031.0;2007,290,9271.0;2007,450,19132.0;2007,477,6927.0;2007,436,8692.0;2007,295,8762.0;2007,275,6596.0;2007,469,17349.0;2007,467,13855.0;2007,470,4225.0;2007,471,10585.0;2007,472,14945.0;2007,276,13986.0;2007,473,13490.0;2007,474,29415.0;2007,475,13433.0;2007,476,27416.0;2007,277,6449.0;2007,34981,6449.0;2007,318,12366.0;2007,454,8016.0;2007,34987,7073.0;2007,5398,8725.0;2007,34988,5128.0;2007,34989,7834.0;2008,132,10351.0;2008,14,21814.0;2008,131,36300.0;2008,129,4128.0;2008,126,16899.0;2008,125,11820.0;2008,122,21250.0;2008,124,20000.0;2008,123,2601.0;2008,120,31250.0;2008,119,17000.0;2008,210,28200.0;2008,118,10423.0;2008,117,4791.0;2008,212,25000.0;2008,114,8545.0;2008,113,7457.0;2008,215,23214.0;2008,109,2745.0;2008,142,11809.0;2008,108,15750.0;2008,107,7809.0;2008,5,24444.0;2008,105,7386.0;2008,104,5682.0;2008,101,6919.0;2008,100,4277.0;2008,98,8052.0;2008,97,11164.0;2008,96,7419.0;2008,11,19757.0;2008,95,5079.0;2008,93,9215.0;2008,127,11346.0;2008,111,10736.0;2008,245,7989.0;2008,92,6965.0;2008,12,15590.0;2008,91,9151.0;2008,88,19743.0;2008,85,10559.0;2008,83,11662.0;2008,82,2769.0;2008,81,13465.0;2008,9,15072.0;2008,141,9482.0;2008,5396,22214.0;2008,78,3197.0;2008,10,14854.0;2008,77,17015.0;2008,76,26702.0;2008,75,7414.0;2008,66,14810.0;2008,3897,10251.0;2008,74,3522.0;2008,71,5882.0;2008,70,15803.0;2008,68,4911.0;2008,67,16181.0;2008,64,7615.0;2008,13,19822.0;2008,63,6250.0;2008,238,8143.0;2008,84,7727.0;2008,61,26118.0;2008,80,5210.0;2008,355,7844.0;2008,273,6373.0;2008,462,5978.0;2008,463,6293.0;2008,464,28279.0;2008,465,10687.0;2008,466,7203.0;2008,290,9775.0;2008,450,20067.0;2008,477,7227.0;2008,436,8168.0;2008,295,9469.0;2008,275,7205.0;2008,469,17454.0;2008,467,14990.0;2008,470,4080.0;2008,471,11191.0;2008,472,16669.0;2008,276,17433.0;2008,473,17718.0;2008,474,27428.0;2008,475,15970.0;2008,476,25700.0;2008,277,10111.0;2008,34981,10111.0;2008,318,13453.0;2008,454,8199.0;2008,34987,7017.0;2008,5398,8197.0;2008,34988,5048.0;2008,34989,7994.0;2008,16,15245.0;2008,17,5231.0;2008,19,3319.0;2008,21,13210.0;2008,22,28339.0;2008,23,10111.0;2008,25,24914.0;2008,28,8547.0;2008,29,56000.0;2008,30,28857.0;2008,4,35934.0;2008,31,6634.0;2008,32,8381.0;2008,33,19810.0;2008,34,14076.0;2008,35,14084.0;2008,37,9152.0;2008,39,11689.0;2008,41,8821.0;2008,42,8464.0;2008,43,13000.0;2008,44,21211.0;2008,173,5396.0;2008,172,17082.0;2008,171,17008.0;2008,34845,17000.0;2008,34979,18982.0;2008,170,12215.0;2008,168,7708.0;2008,166,6907.0;2008,143,8602.0;2008,165,15198.0;2008,164,10199.0;2008,163,12235.0;2008,128,8784.0;2008,167,5410.0;2008,154,2808.0;2008,160,7186.0;2008,201,3224.0;2008,65,30603.0;2008,259,8825.0;2008,157,864.0;2008,156,14026.0;2008,158,10431.0;2008,3,25731.0;2008,152,16338.0;2008,150,9724.0;2008,149,16000.0;2008,206,10919.0;2008,148,4740.0;2008,145,6500.0;2008,139,7609.0;2008,138,24947.0;2008,137,3763.0;2008,136,10716.0;2008,135,18413.0;2008,134,30685.0;2008,2,48125.0;2008,8,20230.0;2009,16,16429.0;2009,17,7172.0;2009,19,3598.0;2009,21,11313.0;2009,22,28429.0;2009,23,9262.0;2009,25,24428.0;2009,28,8770.0;2009,29,55333.0;2009,30,28741.0;2009,4,33169.0;2009,31,7659.0;2009,32,8444.0;2009,33,11528.0;2009,34,12918.0;2009,35,15695.0;2009,37,8504.0;2009,39,10030.0;2009,41,9421.0;2009,42,8995.0;2009,43,13421.0;2009,44,19580.0;2009,173,6401.0;2009,172,16994.0;2009,171,16470.0;2009,34845,16444.0;2009,34979,22065.0;2009,170,11944.0;2009,168,8200.0;2009,166,5176.0;2009,143,8571.0;2009,165,12635.0;2009,164,7358.0;2009,163,11474.0;2009,128,8933.0;2009,167,5410.0;2009,154,2778.0;2009,160,9069.0;2009,201,2484.0;2009,65,28218.0;2009,259,7698.0;2009,157,938.0;2009,156,15375.0;2009,158,14872.0;2009,3,22596.0;2009,152,19245.0;2009,150,11070.0;2009,149,23758.0;2009,206,11231.0;2009,148,8371.0;2009,145,6459.0;2009,139,6788.0;2009,138,17384.0;2009,137,4050.0;2009,136,10912.0;2009,135,19318.0;2009,134,37025.0;2009,2,53103.0;2009,8,18830.0;2009,132,10496.0;2009,14,16014.0;2009,131,27500.0;2009,129,4844.0;2009,126,17550.0;2009,125,13585.0;2009,122,21818.0;2009,124,14388.0;2009,123,4330.0;2009,120,34333.0;2009,119,27692.0;2009,210,35195.0;2009,118,10501.0;2009,117,6022.0;2009,212,24516.0;2009,114,8569.0;2009,113,8640.0;2009,215,23077.0;2009,109,2600.0;2009,142,12413.0;2009,108,15000.0;2009,107,7839.0;2009,5,31815.0;2009,105,8587.0;2009,104,5081.0;2009,101,6239.0;2009,100,3787.0;2009,98,7000.0;2009,97,11767.0;2009,96,7164.0;2009,11,19976.0;2009,95,5556.0;2009,93,8138.0;2009,127,11652.0;2009,111,7192.0;2009,245,8052.0;2009,92,7531.0;2009,12,17634.0;2009,91,9441.0;2009,88,21855.0;2009,85,9619.0;2009,83,17662.0;2009,82,2791.0;2009,81,15304.0;2009,9,16506.0;2009,141,10805.0;2009,5396,19200.0;2009,78,3182.0;2009,10,13739.0;2009,77,20597.0;2009,76,8893.0;2009,75,7164.0;2009,66,13462.0;2009,3897,10602.0;2009,74,3552.0;2009,71,4750.0;2009,70,18594.0;2009,68,4886.0;2009,67,14404.0;2009,64,8911.0;2009,13,19429.0;2009,63,6283.0;2009,238,8118.0;2009,84,7689.0;2009,61,26196.0;2009,80,4893.0;2009,355,8258.0;2009,273,6737.0;2009,462,6612.0;2009,463,6062.0;2009,464,25278.0;2009,465,12991.0;2009,466,7487.0;2009,290,9596.0;2009,450,19453.0;2009,477,8395.0;2009,436,7205.0;2009,295,8782.0;2009,275,7981.0;2009,469,16743.0;2009,467,14305.0;2009,470,4417.0;2009,471,11664.0;2009,472,19239.0;2009,276,19193.0;2009,473,18837.0;2009,474,37772.0;2009,475,18121.0;2009,476,26362.0;2009,277,9262.0;2009,34981,9262.0;2009,318,16173.0;2009,454,8543.0;2009,34987,7684.0;2009,5398,7296.0;2009,34988,5715.0;2009,34989,8155.0;2010,132,10000.0;2010,14,18180.0;2010,131,23667.0;2010,129,5666.0;2010,126,33705.0;2010,125,14197.0;2010,122,19231.0;2010,124,13425.0;2010,123,3310.0;2010,120,33471.0;2010,119,17500.0;2010,210,26596.0;2010,118,10446.0;2010,117,5302.0;2010,212,26667.0;2010,114,8594.0;2010,113,7093.0;2010,215,24267.0;2010,109,3057.0;2010,142,13026.0;2010,108,15294.0;2010,107,7896.0;2010,5,31904.0;2010,105,6967.0;2010,104,5080.0;2010,101,5404.0;2010,100,4149.0;2010,98,8592.0;2010,97,11421.0;2010,96,6788.0;2010,11,18750.0;2010,95,5645.0;2010,93,6713.0;2010,127,10612.0;2010,111,8852.0;2010,245,8123.0;2010,92,8438.0;2010,12,16176.0;2010,91,10258.0;2010,88,21333.0;2010,85,5311.0;2010,83,18062.0;2010,82,2829.0;2010,81,11849.0;2010,9,17147.0;2010,141,11381.0;2010,5396,20794.0;2010,78,3143.0;2010,10,14181.0;2010,77,20238.0;2010,76,8836.0;2010,75,7452.0;2010,66,13462.0;2010,3897,10953.0;2010,74,3617.0;2010,71,8000.0;2010,70,20605.0;2010,68,4863.0;2010,67,12743.0;2010,64,7177.0;2010,13,19343.0;2010,63,6302.0;2010,238,8238.0;2010,84,8737.0;2010,61,25955.0;2010,80,3748.0;2010,355,7747.0;2010,273,6453.0;2010,462,6336.0;2010,463,5969.0;2010,464,24878.0;2010,465,8366.0;2010,466,7499.0;2010,290,9884.0;2010,450,19431.0;2010,477,7251.0;2010,436,7056.0;2010,295,9543.0;2010,275,7145.0;2010,469,28947.0;2010,467,13114.0;2010,470,4696.0;2010,471,12307.0;2010,472,20222.0;2010,276,17661.0;2010,473,16486.0;2010,474,32951.0;2010,475,17845.0;2010,476,26799.0;2010,277,9688.0;2010,34981,9688.0;2010,318,16891.0;2010,454,8277.0;2010,34987,7451.0;2010,5398,7184.0;2010,34988,5400.0;2010,34989,8095.0;2010,16,17518.0;2010,17,6960.0;2010,19,3616.0;2010,21,12611.0;2010,22,23711.0;2010,23,9688.0;2010,25,21687.0;2010,28,8161.0;2010,29,57416.0;2010,30,21959.0;2010,4,45000.0;2010,31,8173.0;2010,32,8383.0;2010,33,9974.0;2010,34,13091.0;2010,35,14012.0;2010,37,9227.0;2010,39,14821.0;2010,41,8055.0;2010,42,11140.0;2010,43,12374.0;2010,44,19945.0;2010,173,5414.0;2010,172,17332.0;2010,171,14692.0;2010,34845,14664.0;2010,34979,20993.0;2010,170,11563.0;2010,168,8100.0;2010,166,6310.0;2010,143,8523.0;2010,165,12861.0;2010,164,7137.0;2010,163,9650.0;2010,128,8804.0;2010,167,5409.0;2010,154,2759.0;2010,160,9019.0;2010,201,3092.0;2010,65,26904.0;2010,259,6955.0;2010,157,591.0;2010,156,11324.0;2010,158,14336.0;2010,3,22626.0;2010,152,8657.0;2010,150,11584.0;2010,149,21163.0;2010,206,11536.0;2010,148,8345.0;2010,145,6469.0;2010,139,8579.0;2010,138,12674.0;2010,137,4445.0;2010,136,11300.0;2010,135,29476.0;2010,134,43550.0;2010,2,54688.0;2010,8,18827.0;2011,16,17569.0;2011,17,7824.0;2011,19,3857.0;2011,21,12201.0;2011,22,26448.0;2011,23,7552.0;2011,25,23397.0;2011,28,7353.0;2011,29,57995.0;2011,30,27523.0;2011,4,42679.0;2011,31,8168.0;2011,32,8642.0;2011,33,8793.0;2011,34,19707.0;2011,35,12767.0;2011,37,9353.0;2011,39,10597.0;2011,41,7622.0;2011,42,11607.0;2011,43,10200.0;2011,44,21812.0;2011,173,5210.0;2011,172,19256.0;2011,171,13283.0;2011,34845,13238.0;2011,34979,20528.0;2011,170,11223.0;2011,168,7992.0;2011,166,7120.0;2011,143,8568.0;2011,165,8596.0;2011,164,10733.0;2011,163,53721.0;2011,128,8947.0;2011,167,5402.0;2011,154,3333.0;2011,160,8932.0;2011,201,2393.0;2011,65,28855.0;2011,259,6641.0;2011,157,386.0;2011,156,8602.0;2011,158,11691.0;2011,3,21408.0;2011,152,15345.0;2011,150,12990.0;2011,149,23211.0;2011,206,11825.0;2011,148,8395.0;2011,145,6476.0;2011,139,8308.0;2011,138,19731.0;2011,137,3936.0;2011,136,11480.0;2011,135,15907.0;2011,134,50019.0;2011,2,56000.0;2011,8,18940.0;2011,132,10547.0;2011,14,17132.0;2011,131,19500.0;2011,129,5572.0;2011,126,16584.0;2011,125,12999.0;2011,122,21364.0;2011,124,13781.0;2011,123,4024.0;2011,120,32446.0;2011,119,18500.0;2011,210,13182.0;2011,118,10603.0;2011,117,6322.0;2011,212,24138.0;2011,114,8618.0;2011,113,6344.0;2011,215,25145.0;2011,109,3219.0;2011,142,13827.0;2011,108,15180.0;2011,107,8187.0;2011,5,32494.0;2011,105,7658.0;2011,104,5200.0;2011,101,6287.0;2011,100,3869.0;2011,98,8592.0;2011,97,11132.0;2011,96,7131.0;2011,11,19894.0;2011,95,5862.0;2011,93,6214.0;2011,127,10544.0;2011,111,11717.0;2011,245,8203.0;2011,92,8857.0;2011,12,17244.0;2011,91,9688.0;2011,88,20204.0;2011,85,8679.0;2011,83,19308.0;2011,82,2882.0;2011,81,10019.0;2011,9,16742.0;2011,141,10710.0;2011,5396,22150.0;2011,78,3284.0;2011,10,14268.0;2011,77,27983.0;2011,76,43182.0;2011,75,7585.0;2011,66,13462.0;2011,3897,11301.0;2011,74,3691.0;2011,71,8696.0;2011,70,21207.0;2011,68,4550.0;2011,67,15088.0;2011,64,9163.0;2011,13,19089.0;2011,63,6313.0;2011,238,8180.0;2011,84,9954.0;2011,61,26167.0;2011,80,4375.0;2011,355,7494.0;2011,273,6512.0;2011,462,6439.0;2011,463,5679.0;2011,464,27592.0;2011,465,7998.0;2011,466,8021.0;2011,290,9721.0;2011,450,19460.0;2011,477,7020.0;2011,436,8502.0;2011,295,9625.0;2011,275,6827.0;2011,469,18161.0;2011,467,12161.0;2011,470,4125.0;2011,471,13034.0;2011,472,21440.0;2011,276,19163.0;2011,473,19348.0;2011,474,27109.0;2011,475,17537.0;2011,476,25100.0;2011,277,7552.0;2011,34981,7552.0;2011,318,17041.0;2011,454,8603.0;2011,34987,7335.0;2011,5398,8564.0;2011,34988,5154.0;2011,34989,8353.0;2012,8,19190.0;2012,132,10355.0;2012,14,21337.0;2012,131,23000.0;2012,129,5897.0;2012,126,15878.0;2012,125,12930.0;2012,122,28846.0;2012,124,13256.0;2012,123,2969.0;2012,120,32702.0;2012,119,21458.0;2012,210,26129.0;2012,118,10796.0;2012,117,5965.0;2012,212,25000.0;2012,114,8643.0;2012,113,6933.0;2012,215,26667.0;2012,109,3571.0;2012,142,14338.0;2012,108,15000.0;2012,107,8176.0;2012,5,30006.0;2012,105,8133.0;2012,104,5278.0;2012,101,6335.0;2012,100,3458.0;2012,98,4230.0;2012,97,11261.0;2012,96,7298.0;2012,11,21704.0;2012,95,5679.0;2012,93,5851.0;2012,127,9379.0;2012,111,3941.0;2012,245,8636.0;2012,92,6535.0;2012,12,18389.0;2012,91,9020.0;2012,88,8080.0;2012,85,7055.0;2012,83,13149.0;2012,82,3000.0;2012,81,11999.0;2012,258,35714.0;2012,9,15214.0;2012,141,10760.0;2012,79,28571.0;2012,78,3333.0;2012,10,14356.0;2012,77,17395.0;2012,76,34674.0;2012,75,7552.0;2012,66,13462.0;2012,3897,12121.0;2012,74,5058.0;2012,71,8889.0;2012,70,21465.0;2012,68,12999.0;2012,67,13144.0;2012,64,9477.0;2012,13,21168.0;2012,63,6364.0;2012,238,6907.0;2012,84,9983.0;2012,61,25954.0;2012,80,4460.0;2012,355,8323.0;2012,273,7644.0;2012,462,7979.0;2012,463,5671.0;2012,464,25462.0;2012,465,8995.0;2012,466,8157.0;2012,290,10532.0;2012,450,21403.0;2012,477,7469.0;2012,436,8238.0;2012,295,10308.0;2012,275,7444.0;2012,469,16797.0;2012,467,13225.0;2012,470,4302.0;2012,471,13517.0;2012,472,21826.0;2012,276,18137.0;2012,473,19030.0;2012,474,26012.0;2012,475,14204.0;2012,476,23940.0;2012,277,8098.0;2012,34981,8098.0;2012,318,15807.0;2012,454,9552.0;2012,34987,9412.0;2012,5398,8401.0;2012,34988,5950.0;2012,34989,9183.0;2012,16,18493.0;2012,17,6510.0;2012,19,1747.0;2012,21,12040.0;2012,22,25236.0;2012,23,8098.0;2012,25,24430.0;2012,28,7589.0;2012,29,57968.0;2012,30,26923.0;2012,4,42244.0;2012,31,10974.0;2012,32,8512.0;2012,33,14775.0;2012,34,9554.0;2012,35,10491.0;2012,37,10315.0;2012,39,10532.0;2012,41,6044.0;2012,42,11914.0;2012,43,15822.0;2012,44,22734.0;2012,173,6008.0;2012,172,17500.0;2012,171,14917.0;2012,34845,14912.0;2012,34979,15495.0;2012,170,11780.0;2012,168,7949.0;2012,166,6622.0;2012,143,8542.0;2012,165,5990.0;2012,164,10297.0;2012,163,25789.0;2012,128,8714.0;2012,167,5409.0;2012,154,3125.0;2012,160,8968.0;2012,201,2846.0;2012,65,26176.0;2012,259,9238.0;2012,157,436.0;2012,156,2840.0;2012,158,12620.0;2012,3,20587.0;2012,152,16552.0;2012,150,13223.0;2012,149,18578.0;2012,206,13000.0;2012,148,9105.0;2012,145,6464.0;2012,139,8180.0;2012,138,18276.0;2012,137,4077.0;2012,136,11602.0;2012,135,16122.0;2012,134,57117.0;2012,2,32941.0;2013,16,19718.0;2013,17,9544.0;2013,19,3980.0;2013,21,6649.0;2013,22,26304.0;2013,23,9211.0;2013,25,24036.0;2013,28,7923.0;2013,29,58013.0;2013,30,23784.0;2013,4,42366.0;2013,31,7604.0;2013,32,8512.0;2013,33,14075.0;2013,34,10269.0;2013,35,15152.0;2013,37,10281.0;2013,39,10880.0;2013,41,6654.0;2013,42,11392.0;2013,43,13421.0;2013,44,24224.0;2013,173,5835.0;2013,172,17188.0;2013,171,16075.0;2013,34845,16032.0;2013,34979,20829.0;2013,170,11781.0;2013,168,7964.0;2013,166,7581.0;2013,143,8512.0;2013,165,13491.0;2013,164,10837.0;2013,163,19894.0;2013,128,8611.0;2013,167,5422.0;2013,154,3125.0;2013,160,10271.0;2013,201,3263.0;2013,65,26520.0;2013,259,9827.0;2013,157,436.0;2013,156,19030.0;2013,158,14011.0;2013,3,18627.0;2013,152,12805.0;2013,150,12370.0;2013,149,21338.0;2013,206,12381.0;2013,148,9254.0;2013,145,6451.0;2013,139,7979.0;2013,138,17500.0;2013,137,3989.0;2013,136,11241.0;2013,135,16608.0;2013,134,65299.0;2013,2,51750.0;2013,8,22221.0;2013,132,10519.0;2013,14,20121.0;2013,131,32877.0;2013,129,6594.0;2013,126,13306.0;2013,125,11446.0;2013,122,24545.0;2013,124,12956.0;2013,123,1780.0;2013,120,32888.0;2013,119,24348.0;2013,210,16100.0;2013,118,10934.0;2013,117,6167.0;2013,212,25000.0;2013,114,8667.0;2013,113,7377.0;2013,215,26667.0;2013,109,3643.0;2013,142,14690.0;2013,108,14667.0;2013,107,8469.0;2013,5,29493.0;2013,105,9328.0;2013,104,5070.0;2013,101,6789.0;2013,100,4671.0;2013,98,8000.0;2013,97,11371.0;2013,96,7438.0;2013,11,21106.0;2013,95,5748.0;2013,93,5590.0;2013,127,10284.0;2013,111,12436.0;2013,245,9091.0;2013,92,8893.0;2013,12,17103.0;2013,91,9130.0;2013,88,11100.0;2013,85,9559.0;2013,83,8939.0;2013,82,3125.0;2013,81,13825.0;2013,258,35333.0;2013,9,16601.0;2013,141,10893.0;2013,79,32353.0;2013,78,3333.0;2013,10,14444.0;2013,77,70765.0;2013,76,35063.0;2013,75,7544.0;2013,66,13462.0;2013,3897,12651.0;2013,74,2971.0;2013,71,9714.0;2013,70,23025.0;2013,68,14006.0;2013,67,14316.0;2013,64,9671.0;2013,13,20927.0;2013,63,6346.0;2013,238,8743.0;2013,84,10254.0;2013,61,25919.0;2013,80,4153.0;2013,355,8343.0;2013,273,7809.0;2013,462,8387.0;2013,463,6042.0;2013,464,26390.0;2013,465,9877.0;2013,466,6510.0;2013,290,10213.0;2013,450,21380.0;2013,477,7908.0;2013,436,8479.0;2013,295,10098.0;2013,275,7532.0;2013,469,14189.0;2013,467,13603.0;2013,470,4232.0;2013,471,13901.0;2013,472,23222.0;2013,276,19397.0;2013,473,19371.0;2013,474,30780.0;2013,475,16478.0;2013,476,22303.0;2013,277,9211.0;2013,34981,9211.0;2013,318,18858.0;2013,454,9813.0;2013,34987,9984.0;2013,5398,8552.0;2013,34988,5965.0;2013,34989,9512.0;2014,8,22530.0;2014,132,10147.0;2014,14,23559.0;2014,131,10000.0;2014,129,5853.0;2014,126,17191.0;2014,125,13652.0;2014,122,28434.0;2014,124,12450.0;2014,123,1329.0;2014,120,33074.0;2014,119,28802.0;2014,210,30000.0;2014,118,11072.0;2014,117,5720.0;2014,212,25292.0;2014,114,8692.0;2014,113,7579.0;2014,215,26667.0;2014,109,4086.0;2014,142,15415.0;2014,108,15101.0;2014,107,8315.0;2014,5,31493.0;2014,105,7739.0;2014,104,5142.0;2014,101,7282.0;2014,100,5128.0;2014,98,8300.0;2014,97,11660.0;2014,96,7479.0;2014,11,22001.0;2014,95,5776.0;2014,93,5407.0;2014,127,11344.0;2014,111,11437.0;2014,245,8293.0;2014,92,8994.0;2014,12,17468.0;2014,91,8914.0;2014,88,10808.0;2014,85,19167.0;2014,83,19217.0;2014,82,2996.0;2014,81,14713.0;2014,258,30896.0;2014,9,21831.0;2014,141,11022.0;2014,79,34286.0;2014,78,3303.0;2014,10,14532.0;2014,77,18704.0;2014,76,34410.0;2014,75,7536.0;2014,66,13104.0;2014,3897,12268.0;2014,74,4604.0;2014,71,9744.0;2014,70,23770.0;2014,68,13006.0;2014,67,15098.0;2014,64,9825.0;2014,13,19655.0;2014,63,6275.0;2014,238,7838.0;2014,84,10393.0;2014,61,25533.0;2014,80,3936.0;2014,355,8666.0;2014,273,8091.0;2014,462,8509.0;2014,463,6538.0;2014,464,27531.0;2014,465,11126.0;2014,466,7194.0;2014,290,10573.0;2014,450,20137.0;2014,477,7911.0;2014,436,8383.0;2014,295,10507.0;2014,275,7722.0;2014,469,18087.0;2014,467,14569.0;2014,470,4425.0;2014,471,14574.0;2014,472,23289.0;2014,276,22558.0;2014,473,23400.0;2014,474,30471.0;2014,475,15564.0;2014,476,23525.0;2014,277,9143.0;2014,34981,9143.0;2014,318,20617.0;2014,454,10510.0;2014,34987,9794.0;2014,5398,8465.0;2014,34988,5982.0;2014,34989,10048.0;2014,16,20548.0;2014,17,8224.0;2014,19,5103.0;2014,21,12276.0;2014,22,28097.0;2014,23,9143.0;2014,25,24278.0;2014,28,60430.0;2014,29,58057.0;2014,30,30133.0;2014,4,43375.0;2014,31,7993.0;2014,32,8218.0;2014,33,13495.0;2014,34,9891.0;2014,35,12818.0;2014,37,10342.0;2014,39,10841.0;2014,41,6615.0;2014,42,11581.0;2014,43,13583.0;2014,44,22824.0;2014,173,5384.0;2014,172,12335.0;2014,171,17524.0;2014,34845,17500.0;2014,34979,20002.0;2014,170,12253.0;2014,168,7979.0;2014,166,7771.0;2014,143,8483.0;2014,165,8962.0;2014,164,10434.0;2014,163,20192.0;2014,128,8682.0;2014,167,5423.0;2014,154,3095.0;2014,160,9283.0;2014,201,4718.0;2014,65,27691.0;2014,259,9944.0;2014,157,436.0;2014,156,20385.0;2014,158,15889.0;2014,3,19270.0;2014,152,11013.0;2014,150,12138.0;2014,149,11999.0;2014,206,12324.0;2014,148,9386.0;2014,145,6438.0;2014,139,7976.0;2014,138,22836.0;2014,137,4110.0;2014,136,11758.0;2014,135,18690.0;2014,134,60192.0;2014,2,60690.0
23953;1961,21,9765.0;1961,23,6667.0;1961,37,11269.0;1961,39,5296.0;1961,41,10000.0;1961,42,6554.0;1961,44,21033.0;1961,172,10000.0;1961,171,6260.0;1961,34845,6243.0;1961,34979,9046.0;1961,170,14815.0;1961,128,5667.0;1961,167,5900.0;1961,201,12500.0;1961,34982,14286.0;1961,138,3116.0;1961,137,4545.0;1961,136,6821.0;1961,135,10000.0;1961,8,19167.0;1961,14,13472.0;1961,125,10101.0;1961,121,3333.0;1961,116,3958.0;1961,113,19850.0;1961,142,3320.0;1961,107,5000.0;1961,103,3497.0;1961,101,4500.0;1961,98,16154.0;1961,97,10000.0;1961,96,9409.0;1961,127,5683.0;1961,92,4600.0;1961,91,5000.0;1961,81,5262.0;1961,141,7500.0;1961,234,8000.0;1961,75,10577.0;1961,3897,7143.0;1961,70,9783.0;1961,68,3745.0;1961,64,2600.0;1961,13,16900.0;1961,63,10000.0;1961,270,4900.0;1961,84,4159.0;1961,34980,7688.0;1961,80,6370.0;1961,355,11287.0;1961,273,3758.0;1961,462,5535.0;1961,463,5900.0;1961,465,5262.0;1961,466,3494.0;1961,290,16809.0;1961,450,16932.0;1961,477,20202.0;1961,295,11458.0;1961,275,6444.0;1961,467,6421.0;1961,470,4977.0;1961,471,6815.0;1961,472,9783.0;1961,276,4945.0;1961,473,4892.0;1961,475,7847.0;1961,277,6667.0;1961,34981,6667.0;1961,318,4682.0;1961,454,5831.0;1961,34987,7420.0;1961,5398,9559.0;1961,34988,4912.0;1961,34989,5889.0;1962,138,6705.0;1962,137,4545.0;1962,136,6680.0;1962,135,10000.0;1962,8,17824.0;1962,14,12629.0;1962,125,9615.0;1962,121,3333.0;1962,116,4000.0;1962,113,20757.0;1962,142,7532.0;1962,107,5000.0;1962,103,3651.0;1962,101,4500.0;1962,98,16111.0;1962,97,10000.0;1962,96,9111.0;1962,127,5421.0;1962,92,3604.0;1962,91,5000.0;1962,81,5262.0;1962,141,7500.0;1962,234,7722.0;1962,75,11029.0;1962,3897,7143.0;1962,70,8696.0;1962,68,4167.0;1962,64,2750.0;1962,13,16302.0;1962,63,10000.0;1962,270,5758.0;1962,84,4063.0;1962,34980,10394.0;1962,80,6648.0;1962,355,11384.0;1962,273,3935.0;1962,462,6653.0;1962,463,6610.0;1962,465,5262.0;1962,466,3646.0;1962,290,16190.0;1962,450,16333.0;1962,477,20757.0;1962,295,11156.0;1962,275,6931.0;1962,467,6945.0;1962,470,4977.0;1962,471,6762.0;1962,472,8696.0;1962,276,5782.0;1962,473,5737.0;1962,475,10599.0;1962,277,7738.0;1962,34981,7738.0;1962,318,4868.0;1962,454,6691.0;1962,34987,7826.0;1962,5398,7174.0;1962,34988,4933.0;1962,34989,6710.0;1962,21,11628.0;1962,23,7738.0;1962,37,11005.0;1962,39,4349.0;1962,41,10000.0;1962,42,6417.0;1962,44,20106.0;1962,172,10000.0;1962,171,6873.0;1962,34845,6857.0;1962,34979,9738.0;1962,170,13415.0;1962,128,5645.0;1962,167,6610.0;1962,201,12308.0;1962,34982,16216.0;1963,21,9802.0;1963,23,5978.0;1963,37,9503.0;1963,39,4878.0;1963,41,10000.0;1963,42,8071.0;1963,44,14754.0;1963,172,10000.0;1963,171,7194.0;1963,34845,7180.0;1963,34979,9533.0;1963,170,16216.0;1963,128,5625.0;1963,167,7100.0;1963,201,12143.0;1963,34982,17500.0;1963,138,8370.0;1963,137,4444.0;1963,136,6497.0;1963,135,10000.0;1963,8,18214.0;1963,14,13540.0;1963,125,9692.0;1963,121,3333.0;1963,116,4000.0;1963,113,20513.0;1963,142,7255.0;1963,107,5000.0;1963,103,3684.0;1963,101,4500.0;1963,98,18371.0;1963,97,10000.0;1963,96,9141.0;1963,127,5528.0;1963,92,3360.0;1963,91,5000.0;1963,81,4718.0;1963,141,7500.0;1963,234,6719.0;1963,75,10313.0;1963,3897,7143.0;1963,70,8810.0;1963,68,8000.0;1963,64,2667.0;1963,13,16432.0;1963,63,10000.0;1963,270,5000.0;1963,84,4000.0;1963,34980,13035.0;1963,80,4723.0;1963,355,11561.0;1963,273,3949.0;1963,462,5945.0;1963,463,7100.0;1963,465,4718.0;1963,466,3679.0;1963,290,16222.0;1963,450,16419.0;1963,477,20513.0;1963,295,9948.0;1963,275,7205.0;1963,467,7243.0;1963,470,4775.0;1963,471,6649.0;1963,472,8810.0;1963,276,5044.0;1963,473,4995.0;1963,475,13167.0;1963,277,5978.0;1963,34981,5978.0;1963,318,4777.0;1963,454,6816.0;1963,34987,10839.0;1963,5398,7124.0;1963,34988,4926.0;1963,34989,6829.0;1964,138,5931.0;1964,137,4444.0;1964,136,6860.0;1964,135,10000.0;1964,8,18333.0;1964,14,11059.0;1964,125,9697.0;1964,121,3333.0;1964,116,4000.0;1964,113,19657.0;1964,142,6234.0;1964,107,5000.0;1964,103,3278.0;1964,101,4545.0;1964,98,30557.0;1964,97,10000.0;1964,96,8464.0;1964,127,5792.0;1964,92,5094.0;1964,81,4286.0;1964,141,7500.0;1964,234,14141.0;1964,75,9184.0;1964,3897,7143.0;1964,70,8333.0;1964,68,4000.0;1964,64,2429.0;1964,13,15309.0;1964,63,10000.0;1964,270,3202.0;1964,84,4375.0;1964,34980,16713.0;1964,80,4067.0;1964,355,11323.0;1964,273,3692.0;1964,462,7749.0;1964,463,7333.0;1964,465,4286.0;1964,466,3279.0;1964,290,15170.0;1964,450,15346.0;1964,477,19657.0;1964,295,9388.0;1964,275,7771.0;1964,467,7833.0;1964,470,4785.0;1964,471,6863.0;1964,472,8333.0;1964,276,3308.0;1964,473,3220.0;1964,475,16755.0;1964,277,4471.0;1964,34981,4471.0;1964,318,5632.0;1964,454,6779.0;1964,34987,14663.0;1964,5398,7605.0;1964,34988,4951.0;1964,34989,6793.0;1964,21,11457.0;1964,23,4471.0;1964,37,8478.0;1964,39,6850.0;1964,41,10000.0;1964,42,6667.0;1964,44,20310.0;1964,172,10000.0;1964,171,7888.0;1964,34845,7871.0;1964,34979,11304.0;1964,170,16129.0;1964,128,5758.0;1964,167,7333.0;1964,201,12000.0;1964,34982,18605.0;1965,21,10352.0;1965,23,6053.0;1965,37,12115.0;1965,39,7200.0;1965,41,10000.0;1965,42,6711.0;1965,44,20379.0;1965,172,10000.0;1965,171,7185.0;1965,34845,7153.0;1965,34979,12357.0;1965,170,16835.0;1965,128,5882.0;1965,167,6667.0;1965,201,12500.0;1965,34982,17778.0;1965,138,6426.0;1965,137,4348.0;1965,136,7012.0;1965,135,10000.0;1965,8,18077.0;1965,14,12473.0;1965,125,9697.0;1965,121,3333.0;1965,116,4054.0;1965,113,21087.0;1965,142,5981.0;1965,107,5000.0;1965,103,3043.0;1965,101,4583.0;1965,98,19248.0;1965,97,14557.0;1965,96,7701.0;1965,127,5615.0;1965,92,4821.0;1965,81,4286.0;1965,141,7500.0;1965,234,11379.0;1965,75,10380.0;1965,3897,7143.0;1965,70,8333.0;1965,68,4167.0;1965,64,2400.0;1965,13,16508.0;1965,63,10000.0;1965,270,4936.0;1965,84,4355.0;1965,34980,12015.0;1965,80,4588.0;1965,355,12279.0;1965,273,3480.0;1965,462,8537.0;1965,463,6667.0;1965,465,4286.0;1965,466,3048.0;1965,290,16410.0;1965,450,16538.0;1965,477,21087.0;1965,295,12498.0;1965,275,7168.0;1965,467,7190.0;1965,470,4656.0;1965,471,6958.0;1965,472,8333.0;1965,276,5006.0;1965,473,4939.0;1965,475,12111.0;1965,277,6053.0;1965,34981,6053.0;1965,318,5504.0;1965,454,6857.0;1965,34987,12697.0;1965,5398,7311.0;1965,34988,4948.0;1965,34989,6864.0;1966,138,10252.0;1966,137,4348.0;1966,136,6891.0;1966,135,10000.0;1966,8,19455.0;1966,14,11798.0;1966,125,9706.0;1966,121,3333.0;1966,116,4167.0;1966,113,17486.0;1966,142,6107.0;1966,107,5000.0;1966,103,3243.0;1966,101,4583.0;1966,98,15095.0;1966,97,15912.0;1966,96,7713.0;1966,127,5846.0;1966,92,11314.0;1966,81,4000.0;1966,141,7500.0;1966,234,14516.0;1966,75,8582.0;1966,3897,7143.0;1966,70,7833.0;1966,68,9524.0;1966,64,2606.0;1966,13,17087.0;1966,63,10000.0;1966,270,6854.0;1966,84,4225.0;1966,34980,17062.0;1966,80,17700.0;1966,355,13723.0;1966,273,3746.0;1966,462,14062.0;1966,463,6867.0;1966,465,4000.0;1966,466,3245.0;1966,290,16952.0;1966,450,17122.0;1966,477,17486.0;1966,295,12355.0;1966,275,9482.0;1966,467,9703.0;1966,470,4827.0;1966,471,6869.0;1966,472,7833.0;1966,276,7021.0;1966,473,6947.0;1966,475,17102.0;1966,277,3858.0;1966,34981,3858.0;1966,318,11361.0;1966,454,7999.0;1966,34987,11927.0;1966,5398,7456.0;1966,34988,6055.0;1966,34989,8006.0;1966,21,11600.0;1966,23,3858.0;1966,37,12125.0;1966,39,22903.0;1966,41,10000.0;1966,42,9012.0;1966,44,21723.0;1966,172,10000.0;1966,171,9841.0;1966,34845,9825.0;1966,34979,12327.0;1966,170,14857.0;1966,128,7985.0;1966,167,6867.0;1966,201,13125.0;1966,34982,20000.0;1967,21,11857.0;1967,23,6635.0;1967,34,9585.0;1967,37,11691.0;1967,39,6935.0;1967,41,10000.0;1967,42,8602.0;1967,44,18764.0;1967,172,10000.0;1967,171,9765.0;1967,34845,9736.0;1967,34979,14383.0;1967,170,16667.0;1967,128,8459.0;1967,167,7210.0;1967,201,14000.0;1967,34982,20000.0;1967,138,6582.0;1967,137,4444.0;1967,136,7061.0;1967,135,10000.0;1967,8,20455.0;1967,14,13460.0;1967,125,9855.0;1967,121,3143.0;1967,116,5319.0;1967,113,18749.0;1967,142,6055.0;1967,107,5000.0;1967,103,3614.0;1967,101,4643.0;1967,98,14316.0;1967,97,17197.0;1967,96,8108.0;1967,127,6488.0;1967,92,8432.0;1967,81,3982.0;1967,141,8333.0;1967,234,14186.0;1967,75,9041.0;1967,3897,7143.0;1967,70,9167.0;1967,68,10000.0;1967,64,2540.0;1967,13,16498.0;1967,63,10000.0;1967,270,6388.0;1967,84,4474.0;1967,34980,13175.0;1967,80,16700.0;1967,355,13494.0;1967,273,4189.0;1967,462,14109.0;1967,463,7210.0;1967,465,3982.0;1967,466,3605.0;1967,290,16343.0;1967,450,16514.0;1967,477,18749.0;1967,295,12087.0;1967,275,9472.0;1967,467,9674.0;1967,470,4855.0;1967,471,7100.0;1967,472,9167.0;1967,276,6551.0;1967,473,6500.0;1967,475,13292.0;1967,277,6635.0;1967,34981,6635.0;1967,318,8441.0;1967,454,8013.0;1967,34987,10967.0;1967,5398,7353.0;1967,34988,6575.0;1967,34989,8025.0;1968,138,7120.0;1968,137,4444.0;1968,136,6203.0;1968,135,10000.0;1968,8,19588.0;1968,14,13679.0;1968,125,9722.0;1968,121,3143.0;1968,116,5000.0;1968,113,20692.0;1968,142,6217.0;1968,107,5000.0;1968,103,3514.0;1968,101,4688.0;1968,98,33938.0;1968,97,13756.0;1968,96,8366.0;1968,127,7823.0;1968,92,9652.0;1968,81,3268.0;1968,141,8333.0;1968,234,14298.0;1968,75,9722.0;1968,3897,7143.0;1968,70,11333.0;1968,68,10000.0;1968,64,2100.0;1968,13,17986.0;1968,63,10000.0;1968,270,6183.0;1968,84,4583.0;1968,34980,6484.0;1968,80,17320.0;1968,355,14345.0;1968,273,4163.0;1968,462,13677.0;1968,463,6897.0;1968,465,3268.0;1968,466,3507.0;1968,290,17666.0;1968,450,18004.0;1968,477,20692.0;1968,295,10063.0;1968,275,9349.0;1968,467,9623.0;1968,470,4855.0;1968,471,6369.0;1968,472,11333.0;1968,276,6373.0;1968,473,6371.0;1968,475,6757.0;1968,277,5479.0;1968,34981,5479.0;1968,318,9646.0;1968,454,8205.0;1968,34987,16505.0;1968,5398,7712.0;1968,34988,6717.0;1968,34989,8123.0;1968,21,10891.0;1968,23,5479.0;1968,34,9302.0;1968,37,9066.0;1968,39,7131.0;1968,41,10000.0;1968,42,8163.0;1968,44,20579.0;1968,172,10000.0;1968,171,9654.0;1968,34845,9624.0;1968,34979,14758.0;1968,170,20000.0;1968,128,8889.0;1968,167,6897.0;1968,201,13875.0;1968,34982,20833.0;1969,21,11277.0;1969,23,8313.0;1969,34,15000.0;1969,37,11661.0;1969,39,14677.0;1969,41,10000.0;1969,42,7231.0;1969,44,16007.0;1969,172,10000.0;1969,171,9201.0;1969,34845,9171.0;1969,34979,14822.0;1969,170,20472.0;1969,128,8942.0;1969,167,7143.0;1969,201,6008.0;1969,259,14444.0;1969,34982,20000.0;1969,138,7143.0;1969,137,4375.0;1969,136,7033.0;1969,135,10000.0;1969,8,20337.0;1969,14,13220.0;1969,125,9722.0;1969,121,3429.0;1969,116,4167.0;1969,113,17570.0;1969,142,6277.0;1969,107,5000.0;1969,103,3875.0;1969,101,4722.0;1969,98,27968.0;1969,97,11185.0;1969,96,8185.0;1969,127,7505.0;1969,92,9479.0;1969,91,7000.0;1969,81,5467.0;1969,141,8333.0;1969,234,10000.0;1969,75,10282.0;1969,3897,7143.0;1969,70,13480.0;1969,68,10000.0;1969,64,2249.0;1969,13,18435.0;1969,63,10000.0;1969,270,5106.0;1969,84,4545.0;1969,34980,12675.0;1969,80,4635.0;1969,355,14523.0;1969,273,4594.0;1969,462,11497.0;1969,463,7143.0;1969,465,5467.0;1969,466,3865.0;1969,290,18069.0;1969,450,18416.0;1969,477,17568.0;1969,295,12311.0;1969,275,9026.0;1969,467,9182.0;1969,470,4760.0;1969,471,7139.0;1969,472,13480.0;1969,276,5404.0;1969,473,5368.0;1969,475,12829.0;1969,277,8313.0;1969,34981,8313.0;1969,318,9490.0;1969,454,7851.0;1969,34987,15083.0;1969,5398,7209.0;1969,34988,6968.0;1969,34989,7775.0;1970,137,4375.0;1970,136,7164.0;1970,135,10000.0;1970,8,20482.0;1970,14,13190.0;1970,125,10000.0;1970,121,3429.0;1970,116,5183.0;1970,113,19203.0;1970,142,6974.0;1970,107,5000.0;1970,103,3135.0;1970,101,4500.0;1970,98,14591.0;1970,97,10784.0;1970,96,8185.0;1970,127,7852.0;1970,92,11441.0;1970,91,8003.0;1970,81,5436.0;1970,9,14938.0;1970,141,8750.0;1970,234,9667.0;1970,75,8750.0;1970,3897,7143.0;1970,70,10909.0;1970,68,10870.0;1970,64,2400.0;1970,13,17941.0;1970,63,10000.0;1970,270,6911.0;1970,84,5379.0;1970,34980,13021.0;1970,80,19107.0;1970,355,14800.0;1970,273,4366.0;1970,462,15892.0;1970,463,8421.0;1970,465,5436.0;1970,466,3141.0;1970,290,17503.0;1970,450,17964.0;1970,477,19199.0;1970,295,11867.0;1970,275,10475.0;1970,467,10805.0;1970,470,4871.0;1970,471,7231.0;1970,472,10909.0;1970,276,7342.0;1970,473,7302.0;1970,475,13787.0;1970,277,10123.0;1970,34981,10123.0;1970,318,11199.0;1970,454,8809.0;1970,34987,12782.0;1970,5398,7196.0;1970,34988,6880.0;1970,34989,8679.0;1970,21,10320.0;1970,23,10123.0;1970,34,15000.0;1970,37,11439.0;1970,39,8301.0;1970,41,10000.0;1970,42,8000.0;1970,44,20848.0;1970,172,10000.0;1970,171,10942.0;1970,34845,10919.0;1970,34979,15246.0;1970,170,19835.0;1970,128,9173.0;1970,167,8421.0;1970,201,9836.0;1970,259,14444.0;1970,34982,23636.0;1971,21,16240.0;1971,23,12568.0;1971,34,15000.0;1971,37,12102.0;1971,39,8963.0;1971,41,10000.0;1971,42,6667.0;1971,44,18831.0;1971,172,15000.0;1971,171,11082.0;1971,34845,11061.0;1971,34979,15190.0;1971,170,18276.0;1971,128,9431.0;1971,167,8500.0;1971,201,11454.0;1971,259,14737.0;1971,34982,23636.0;1971,146,6604.0;1971,137,4375.0;1971,136,7583.0;1971,135,10000.0;1971,8,19375.0;1971,14,12179.0;1971,125,9865.0;1971,121,3250.0;1971,116,8929.0;1971,113,19848.0;1971,142,6496.0;1971,107,5000.0;1971,103,3150.0;1971,101,3798.0;1971,98,13791.0;1971,97,12473.0;1971,96,9113.0;1971,127,8324.0;1971,92,11227.0;1971,91,7974.0;1971,81,4143.0;1971,9,12351.0;1971,141,9000.0;1971,234,9524.0;1971,75,10070.0;1971,3897,7143.0;1971,70,15714.0;1971,68,10000.0;1971,64,2551.0;1971,13,18522.0;1971,63,10000.0;1971,270,6164.0;1971,84,5367.0;1971,34980,8711.0;1971,80,11098.0;1971,355,15189.0;1971,273,4121.0;1971,462,12086.0;1971,463,8500.0;1971,465,4143.0;1971,466,3152.0;1971,290,17946.0;1971,450,18524.0;1971,477,19844.0;1971,295,12417.0;1971,275,10646.0;1971,467,10951.0;1971,470,4946.0;1971,471,7663.0;1971,472,15714.0;1971,276,6949.0;1971,473,6931.0;1971,475,9782.0;1971,277,12568.0;1971,34981,12568.0;1971,318,11002.0;1971,454,8041.0;1971,34987,12182.0;1971,5398,7171.0;1971,34988,6844.0;1971,34989,7930.0;1972,146,7143.0;1972,137,8235.0;1972,136,7424.0;1972,135,10000.0;1972,8,20161.0;1972,14,14198.0;1972,125,9868.0;1972,121,3250.0;1972,116,7500.0;1972,113,17001.0;1972,142,6697.0;1972,107,5000.0;1972,103,3150.0;1972,101,4895.0;1972,98,12810.0;1972,97,10937.0;1972,96,9097.0;1972,127,7949.0;1972,92,17083.0;1972,91,7999.0;1972,81,2500.0;1972,9,12923.0;1972,141,9045.0;1972,234,9737.0;1972,75,9403.0;1972,3897,7143.0;1972,70,21333.0;1972,68,10000.0;1972,64,2701.0;1972,13,18706.0;1972,63,12000.0;1972,270,2851.0;1972,84,5385.0;1972,34980,16060.0;1972,80,17052.0;1972,355,14896.0;1972,273,4312.0;1972,462,13492.0;1972,463,8261.0;1972,464,11358.0;1972,465,2500.0;1972,466,3152.0;1972,290,18264.0;1972,450,18742.0;1972,477,17000.0;1972,295,14656.0;1972,275,8524.0;1972,467,8616.0;1972,470,8140.0;1972,471,7544.0;1972,472,21333.0;1972,276,4507.0;1972,473,4448.0;1972,475,14913.0;1972,277,18663.0;1972,34981,18663.0;1972,318,16188.0;1972,454,8374.0;1972,34987,12099.0;1972,5398,7211.0;1972,34988,7072.0;1972,34989,8360.0;1972,21,11471.0;1972,23,18663.0;1972,34,15000.0;1972,37,14705.0;1972,39,9503.0;1972,41,11667.0;1972,42,8000.0;1972,44,22866.0;1972,172,15000.0;1972,171,8552.0;1972,34845,8514.0;1972,34979,16671.0;1972,170,19370.0;1972,128,9228.0;1972,167,8261.0;1972,201,11683.0;1972,65,11358.0;1972,259,14737.0;1972,34982,24561.0;1973,21,17322.0;1973,23,13567.0;1973,34,17000.0;1973,37,13863.0;1973,39,16056.0;1973,41,11667.0;1973,42,10000.0;1973,44,20848.0;1973,172,10000.0;1973,171,11337.0;1973,34845,11311.0;1973,34979,16606.0;1973,170,18000.0;1973,128,7958.0;1973,167,8095.0;1973,201,12817.0;1973,65,9494.0;1973,259,15000.0;1973,34982,26316.0;1973,3,22585.0;1973,146,6447.0;1973,138,12000.0;1973,137,8125.0;1973,136,7272.0;1973,135,10500.0;1973,8,28552.0;1973,14,13371.0;1973,125,9868.0;1973,121,3250.0;1973,116,9091.0;1973,113,18772.0;1973,142,6779.0;1973,107,5000.0;1973,103,3200.0;1973,101,4357.0;1973,98,15058.0;1973,97,12591.0;1973,96,10532.0;1973,127,7889.0;1973,92,13364.0;1973,91,7970.0;1973,81,5111.0;1973,9,16981.0;1973,141,14459.0;1973,234,10000.0;1973,75,10016.0;1973,3897,7143.0;1973,70,14596.0;1973,68,10000.0;1973,64,2851.0;1973,13,18696.0;1973,63,8889.0;1973,270,5060.0;1973,84,5556.0;1973,34980,13507.0;1973,60,8650.0;1973,80,10668.0;1973,355,15851.0;1973,273,4369.0;1973,462,12649.0;1973,463,8095.0;1973,464,9494.0;1973,465,5111.0;1973,466,3201.0;1973,290,18041.0;1973,450,18714.0;1973,477,18770.0;1973,295,14078.0;1973,275,10731.0;1973,467,11107.0;1973,470,7933.0;1973,471,7552.0;1973,472,14596.0;1973,276,6912.0;1973,473,6772.0;1973,475,15164.0;1973,476,22585.0;1973,277,13567.0;1973,34981,13567.0;1973,318,13686.0;1973,454,8639.0;1973,34987,13424.0;1973,5398,7216.0;1973,34988,6442.0;1973,34989,8571.0;1974,146,8614.0;1974,138,11176.0;1974,137,7612.0;1974,136,7820.0;1974,135,12000.0;1974,8,26692.0;1974,14,14310.0;1974,130,20000.0;1974,125,9744.0;1974,121,3500.0;1974,116,11730.0;1974,113,16363.0;1974,142,6277.0;1974,107,5000.0;1974,106,26200.0;1974,103,3250.0;1974,101,4557.0;1974,98,14239.0;1974,97,13281.0;1974,96,7964.0;1974,127,11132.0;1974,92,12486.0;1974,91,6293.0;1974,81,16462.0;1974,9,15646.0;1974,141,9641.0;1974,234,13261.0;1974,75,8716.0;1974,3897,7143.0;1974,70,24286.0;1974,68,6667.0;1974,64,3003.0;1974,13,15933.0;1974,63,8261.0;1974,270,4337.0;1974,84,5714.0;1974,34980,15839.0;1974,60,8000.0;1974,80,19139.0;1974,355,14079.0;1974,273,5421.0;1974,462,14882.0;1974,463,8182.0;1974,464,11348.0;1974,465,16462.0;1974,466,3255.0;1974,290,15808.0;1974,450,15938.0;1974,477,16363.0;1974,295,15296.0;1974,275,10097.0;1974,467,10374.0;1974,470,8562.0;1974,471,7866.0;1974,472,24284.0;1974,276,6678.0;1974,473,6379.0;1974,475,15783.0;1974,476,12512.0;1974,277,15416.0;1974,34981,15416.0;1974,318,12649.0;1974,454,8240.0;1974,34987,13571.0;1974,5398,7421.0;1974,34988,7401.0;1974,34989,8341.0;1974,21,14831.0;1974,23,15310.0;1974,34,13793.0;1974,37,15314.0;1974,39,12155.0;1974,41,16000.0;1974,42,10000.0;1974,44,16676.0;1974,172,10000.0;1974,171,10327.0;1974,34845,10298.0;1974,34979,15053.0;1974,170,20000.0;1974,128,9573.0;1974,167,8182.0;1974,201,14200.0;1974,65,11348.0;1974,259,15000.0;1974,34982,25000.0;1974,3,12512.0;1975,21,13626.0;1975,23,16059.0;1975,34,12624.0;1975,37,16985.0;1975,39,22100.0;1975,41,8750.0;1975,42,10000.0;1975,44,23242.0;1975,172,10000.0;1975,171,10382.0;1975,34845,10355.0;1975,34979,14940.0;1975,170,19237.0;1975,128,9797.0;1975,167,7391.0;1975,201,15000.0;1975,65,13460.0;1975,259,18000.0;1975,34982,25000.0;1975,3,19699.0;1975,146,3714.0;1975,138,16000.0;1975,137,9785.0;1975,136,7843.0;1975,135,13056.0;1975,134,13333.0;1975,8,27222.0;1975,14,14453.0;1975,130,10000.0;1975,125,9714.0;1975,121,3500.0;1975,118,15000.0;1975,116,10156.0;1975,113,17381.0;1975,142,6400.0;1975,107,5000.0;1975,106,30000.0;1975,105,16176.0;1975,103,3250.0;1975,101,4629.0;1975,98,14653.0;1975,97,13962.0;1975,96,7225.0;1975,127,11340.0;1975,92,17616.0;1975,91,8190.0;1975,81,9458.0;1975,9,18011.0;1975,141,10193.0;1975,234,8387.0;1975,75,10276.0;1975,3897,7143.0;1975,70,11441.0;1975,68,6667.0;1975,64,3152.0;1975,13,19421.0;1975,63,17188.0;1975,270,9618.0;1975,84,5092.0;1975,34980,20753.0;1975,60,9331.0;1975,80,16831.0;1975,355,16574.0;1975,273,5552.0;1975,462,14485.0;1975,463,7391.0;1975,464,13460.0;1975,465,9458.0;1975,466,3255.0;1975,290,18820.0;1975,450,19449.0;1975,477,17379.0;1975,295,16766.0;1975,275,10189.0;1975,467,10439.0;1975,470,10601.0;1975,471,8032.0;1975,472,11486.0;1975,276,11405.0;1975,473,11202.0;1975,475,19859.0;1975,476,19699.0;1975,277,16095.0;1975,34981,16095.0;1975,318,18307.0;1975,454,8244.0;1975,34987,13858.0;1975,5398,7087.0;1975,34988,7925.0;1975,34989,8585.0;1976,146,3000.0;1976,138,10864.0;1976,137,9840.0;1976,136,8073.0;1976,135,17895.0;1976,134,14286.0;1976,8,27473.0;1976,14,13209.0;1976,130,8704.0;1976,125,5773.0;1976,121,3333.0;1976,118,20000.0;1976,116,10317.0;1976,113,17548.0;1976,142,5782.0;1976,107,5000.0;1976,106,30000.0;1976,105,16176.0;1976,103,3182.0;1976,101,4838.0;1976,98,16352.0;1976,97,14203.0;1976,96,7463.0;1976,127,11918.0;1976,92,13724.0;1976,91,8375.0;1976,81,8136.0;1976,9,14828.0;1976,141,10236.0;1976,234,10000.0;1976,75,12096.0;1976,3897,7143.0;1976,70,13281.0;1976,68,10000.0;1976,64,3302.0;1976,13,17543.0;1976,63,11500.0;1976,270,6299.0;1976,84,5254.0;1976,34980,15438.0;1976,60,11442.0;1976,80,24673.0;1976,355,15443.0;1976,273,5985.0;1976,462,18533.0;1976,463,7619.0;1976,464,16014.0;1976,465,8136.0;1976,466,3187.0;1976,290,17489.0;1976,450,17534.0;1976,477,17529.0;1976,295,17362.0;1976,275,9941.0;1976,467,10065.0;1976,470,11978.0;1976,471,8330.0;1976,472,13225.0;1976,276,8494.0;1976,473,8238.0;1976,475,15401.0;1976,476,16368.0;1976,277,16973.0;1976,34981,16973.0;1976,318,14177.0;1976,454,8382.0;1976,34987,15818.0;1976,5398,7156.0;1976,34988,8207.0;1976,34989,9197.0;1976,21,16032.0;1976,23,16948.0;1976,34,12702.0;1976,37,17498.0;1976,39,17549.0;1976,41,8750.0;1976,42,10000.0;1976,44,16368.0;1976,172,11111.0;1976,171,9960.0;1976,34845,9934.0;1976,34979,14908.0;1976,170,19973.0;1976,143,4500.0;1976,128,10000.0;1976,167,7619.0;1976,201,15000.0;1976,65,16014.0;1976,259,12165.0;1976,34982,25397.0;1976,3,16368.0;1977,21,21212.0;1977,23,15971.0;1977,34,14848.0;1977,37,17699.0;1977,39,13013.0;1977,41,8750.0;1977,42,10000.0;1977,44,26056.0;1977,172,11000.0;1977,171,10646.0;1977,34845,10617.0;1977,34979,17172.0;1977,170,18148.0;1977,143,5000.0;1977,128,10333.0;1977,167,6667.0;1977,201,12994.0;1977,65,19040.0;1977,259,14118.0;1977,34982,25397.0;1977,3,19067.0;1977,146,3000.0;1977,138,14196.0;1977,137,9385.0;1977,136,8092.0;1977,135,20476.0;1977,134,15385.0;1977,8,31429.0;1977,14,13972.0;1977,130,18857.0;1977,125,14225.0;1977,121,3333.0;1977,118,20000.0;1977,116,11111.0;1977,113,16427.0;1977,142,6912.0;1977,107,5000.0;1977,106,30000.0;1977,105,16667.0;1977,103,3182.0;1977,101,3700.0;1977,98,16471.0;1977,97,14988.0;1977,96,7835.0;1977,127,12718.0;1977,92,11192.0;1977,91,7843.0;1977,81,11880.0;1977,9,19086.0;1977,141,10988.0;1977,234,10417.0;1977,75,7365.0;1977,3897,7143.0;1977,70,10223.0;1977,68,10000.0;1977,64,3453.0;1977,13,20552.0;1977,63,14200.0;1977,270,6870.0;1977,84,5095.0;1977,34980,20868.0;1977,60,10617.0;1977,80,19003.0;1977,355,17561.0;1977,273,6621.0;1977,462,16092.0;1977,463,6667.0;1977,464,19040.0;1977,465,11880.0;1977,466,3190.0;1977,290,19892.0;1977,450,20604.0;1977,477,16424.0;1977,295,17938.0;1977,275,10456.0;1977,467,10738.0;1977,470,11068.0;1977,471,7829.0;1977,472,10826.0;1977,276,8601.0;1977,473,8171.0;1977,475,20667.0;1977,476,19067.0;1977,277,15991.0;1977,34981,15991.0;1977,318,12135.0;1977,454,8630.0;1977,34987,15925.0;1977,5398,7222.0;1977,34988,8306.0;1977,34989,10182.0;1978,138,14810.0;1978,137,9771.0;1978,136,8412.0;1978,135,16866.0;1978,134,16250.0;1978,8,25000.0;1978,14,14953.0;1978,125,7011.0;1978,121,3478.0;1978,118,14000.0;1978,116,13208.0;1978,113,15424.0;1978,142,6833.0;1978,107,5000.0;1978,106,30000.0;1978,105,16667.0;1978,103,3000.0;1978,101,4231.0;1978,98,12238.0;1978,97,14741.0;1978,96,7691.0;1978,127,11859.0;1978,92,11348.0;1978,91,7974.0;1978,81,15787.0;1978,9,19138.0;1978,141,14920.0;1978,234,12105.0;1978,75,10937.0;1978,3897,7143.0;1978,70,11148.0;1978,68,10000.0;1978,64,3602.0;1978,13,19741.0;1978,63,13000.0;1978,270,7779.0;1978,84,5228.0;1978,34980,18437.0;1978,60,12927.0;1978,80,28048.0;1978,355,16264.0;1978,273,8499.0;1978,462,22381.0;1978,463,8522.0;1978,464,22833.0;1978,465,15787.0;1978,466,3017.0;1978,290,18061.0;1978,450,19723.0;1978,477,15427.0;1978,295,13486.0;1978,275,10513.0;1978,467,10728.0;1978,470,10855.0;1978,471,8606.0;1978,472,12208.0;1978,276,9281.0;1978,473,8912.0;1978,475,18584.0;1978,476,14938.0;1978,277,15337.0;1978,34981,15337.0;1978,318,12020.0;1978,454,8719.0;1978,34987,13223.0;1978,5398,7274.0;1978,34988,8832.0;1978,34989,12957.0;1978,21,21739.0;1978,23,15331.0;1978,34,13497.0;1978,37,12260.0;1978,39,12129.0;1978,41,10000.0;1978,42,10000.0;1978,43,2143.0;1978,44,18072.0;1978,172,10500.0;1978,171,10617.0;1978,34845,10596.0;1978,34979,16681.0;1978,170,18957.0;1978,143,5000.0;1978,128,10667.0;1978,167,8571.0;1978,201,15000.0;1978,65,22833.0;1978,259,15000.0;1978,34982,26667.0;1978,3,14938.0;1979,21,23125.0;1979,23,18399.0;1979,34,14373.0;1979,37,12403.0;1979,39,16314.0;1979,41,13333.0;1979,42,10000.0;1979,43,2300.0;1979,44,23532.0;1979,172,10222.0;1979,171,10322.0;1979,34845,10305.0;1979,34979,16439.0;1979,170,20421.0;1979,143,5000.0;1979,128,11000.0;1979,167,8571.0;1979,201,13450.0;1979,65,25141.0;1979,259,15000.0;1979,34982,37500.0;1979,3,13970.0;1979,138,17530.0;1979,137,5685.0;1979,136,8666.0;1979,135,15346.0;1979,134,15000.0;1979,8,26761.0;1979,14,14712.0;1979,125,7164.0;1979,121,3617.0;1979,118,12222.0;1979,116,10714.0;1979,113,18635.0;1979,142,6908.0;1979,107,5000.0;1979,106,30000.0;1979,105,16667.0;1979,103,2920.0;1979,101,5106.0;1979,98,15243.0;1979,97,16514.0;1979,96,9563.0;1979,127,12399.0;1979,92,12673.0;1979,91,7500.0;1979,81,10154.0;1979,9,17643.0;1979,141,10917.0;1979,234,8108.0;1979,75,10176.0;1979,3897,7143.0;1979,70,10313.0;1979,68,7500.0;1979,64,3754.0;1979,13,21614.0;1979,63,7810.0;1979,270,5573.0;1979,84,5497.0;1979,34980,21483.0;1979,60,4977.0;1979,80,19672.0;1979,355,17492.0;1979,273,8241.0;1979,462,17672.0;1979,463,8307.0;1979,464,25141.0;1979,465,10154.0;1979,466,2945.0;1979,290,19647.0;1979,450,21632.0;1979,477,18626.0;1979,295,14193.0;1979,275,10059.0;1979,467,10474.0;1979,470,6620.0;1979,471,8663.0;1979,472,11429.0;1979,276,8731.0;1979,473,8294.0;1979,475,20660.0;1979,476,13970.0;1979,277,18410.0;1979,34981,18410.0;1979,318,13827.0;1979,454,8319.0;1979,34987,15098.0;1979,5398,7168.0;1979,34988,7157.0;1979,34989,14158.0;1980,138,18427.0;1980,137,7270.0;1980,136,8918.0;1980,135,15313.0;1980,134,16000.0;1980,8,26400.0;1980,14,12229.0;1980,125,6900.0;1980,121,3750.0;1980,118,11667.0;1980,116,11765.0;1980,115,16000.0;1980,113,20917.0;1980,142,6939.0;1980,107,5000.0;1980,106,30000.0;1980,105,16667.0;1980,103,2778.0;1980,101,3776.0;1980,98,11304.0;1980,97,16901.0;1980,96,9807.0;1980,127,11480.0;1980,92,11962.0;1980,91,6883.0;1980,81,14099.0;1980,9,19321.0;1980,141,9927.0;1980,234,6977.0;1980,75,9498.0;1980,3897,7143.0;1980,70,7667.0;1980,68,7500.0;1980,64,3904.0;1980,13,17827.0;1980,63,12163.0;1980,270,6148.0;1980,84,6564.0;1980,34980,19726.0;1980,60,5376.0;1980,80,19481.0;1980,355,16001.0;1980,273,8029.0;1980,462,16897.0;1980,463,7636.0;1980,464,26574.0;1980,465,14099.0;1980,466,2888.0;1980,290,17646.0;1980,450,17898.0;1980,477,20878.0;1980,295,16995.0;1980,275,10595.0;1980,467,11057.0;1980,470,7611.0;1980,471,8794.0;1980,472,9750.0;1980,276,8583.0;1980,473,8293.0;1980,475,17749.0;1980,476,21176.0;1980,277,14513.0;1980,34981,14513.0;1980,318,12389.0;1980,454,7503.0;1980,34987,11809.0;1980,5398,7138.0;1980,34988,7781.0;1980,34989,13037.0;1980,16,10000.0;1980,21,17241.0;1980,23,14499.0;1980,33,6000.0;1980,34,12665.0;1980,37,17273.0;1980,39,11409.0;1980,41,8486.0;1980,42,6000.0;1980,43,4429.0;1980,44,24892.0;1980,172,11000.0;1980,171,11011.0;1980,34845,10999.0;1980,34979,16918.0;1980,170,19782.0;1980,143,7866.0;1980,128,11333.0;1980,167,7767.0;1980,201,13450.0;1980,65,26574.0;1980,259,15385.0;1980,34982,44562.0;1980,3,21176.0;1981,16,10833.0;1981,21,20053.0;1981,23,18480.0;1981,33,6000.0;1981,34,16647.0;1981,37,17653.0;1981,39,11184.0;1981,41,8889.0;1981,42,6667.0;1981,43,4444.0;1981,44,21734.0;1981,172,10000.0;1981,171,11639.0;1981,34845,11634.0;1981,34979,15402.0;1981,170,20273.0;1981,143,9626.0;1981,128,11667.0;1981,167,7905.0;1981,201,15727.0;1981,65,28366.0;1981,259,15517.0;1981,34982,28929.0;1981,3,21591.0;1981,138,17783.0;1981,137,7411.0;1981,136,8689.0;1981,135,13141.0;1981,134,16000.0;1981,8,27760.0;1981,14,14227.0;1981,125,7001.0;1981,121,3800.0;1981,118,11538.0;1981,116,14286.0;1981,115,16000.0;1981,113,19534.0;1981,110,10000.0;1981,142,6968.0;1981,107,5000.0;1981,106,23256.0;1981,105,13333.0;1981,103,2600.0;1981,101,4244.0;1981,98,19217.0;1981,97,17383.0;1981,96,9661.0;1981,127,12733.0;1981,92,8662.0;1981,91,8620.0;1981,81,12545.0;1981,9,13749.0;1981,141,10791.0;1981,234,10000.0;1981,75,10520.0;1981,3897,7143.0;1981,70,8824.0;1981,68,10000.0;1981,64,4054.0;1981,13,20331.0;1981,63,14708.0;1981,270,5683.0;1981,84,7392.0;1981,34980,19403.0;1981,60,7496.0;1981,80,19698.0;1981,355,17538.0;1981,273,7944.0;1981,462,16896.0;1981,463,7763.0;1981,464,28169.0;1981,465,12545.0;1981,466,2686.0;1981,290,19703.0;1981,450,20346.0;1981,477,19502.0;1981,295,18117.0;1981,275,11202.0;1981,467,11710.0;1981,470,7859.0;1981,471,8768.0;1981,472,9222.0;1981,276,7595.0;1981,473,7023.0;1981,475,18128.0;1981,476,21591.0;1981,277,18496.0;1981,34981,18496.0;1981,318,10020.0;1981,454,8603.0;1981,34987,18236.0;1981,5398,7183.0;1981,34988,7766.0;1981,34989,15028.0;1982,148,10000.0;1982,138,22895.0;1982,137,6377.0;1982,136,8579.0;1982,135,18967.0;1982,134,16000.0;1982,8,31018.0;1982,14,15384.0;1982,125,7528.0;1982,121,4000.0;1982,118,11429.0;1982,116,16667.0;1982,115,16000.0;1982,113,17306.0;1982,110,10000.0;1982,142,7185.0;1982,107,5000.0;1982,106,25397.0;1982,105,13043.0;1982,103,2343.0;1982,101,4159.0;1982,98,15066.0;1982,97,17557.0;1982,96,10511.0;1982,127,12745.0;1982,92,11177.0;1982,91,10964.0;1982,81,9749.0;1982,9,19965.0;1982,141,6399.0;1982,234,6250.0;1982,75,11236.0;1982,3897,7143.0;1982,70,15000.0;1982,68,10000.0;1982,64,4204.0;1982,13,21213.0;1982,63,13462.0;1982,270,6119.0;1982,84,7459.0;1982,34980,25567.0;1982,60,13781.0;1982,80,17615.0;1982,355,17586.0;1982,273,7991.0;1982,462,16705.0;1982,463,7759.0;1982,464,29636.0;1982,465,9749.0;1982,466,2401.0;1982,290,19938.0;1982,450,21239.0;1982,477,17259.0;1982,295,16612.0;1982,275,10427.0;1982,467,10887.0;1982,470,7154.0;1982,471,8710.0;1982,472,15040.0;1982,276,9335.0;1982,473,8137.0;1982,475,24704.0;1982,476,21122.0;1982,277,19029.0;1982,34981,19029.0;1982,318,13429.0;1982,454,8730.0;1982,34987,15119.0;1982,5398,7133.0;1982,34988,6997.0;1982,34989,15820.0;1982,16,12500.0;1982,21,20900.0;1982,23,19019.0;1982,33,6500.0;1982,34,17704.0;1982,37,15647.0;1982,39,16882.0;1982,41,10000.0;1982,42,3333.0;1982,43,5000.0;1982,44,23297.0;1982,172,10000.0;1982,171,10742.0;1982,34845,10737.0;1982,34979,15475.0;1982,170,20081.0;1982,143,8248.0;1982,128,11613.0;1982,167,7963.0;1982,201,17547.0;1982,65,29734.0;1982,259,16038.0;1982,34982,31362.0;1982,3,21122.0;1983,16,14000.0;1983,21,17538.0;1983,23,11022.0;1983,33,6000.0;1983,34,15648.0;1983,37,17921.0;1983,39,12841.0;1983,40,5000.0;1983,41,10000.0;1983,42,4000.0;1983,43,5000.0;1983,44,20192.0;1983,171,12913.0;1983,34845,12911.0;1983,34979,15365.0;1983,170,20571.0;1983,166,13237.0;1983,143,21000.0;1983,128,12063.0;1983,167,8036.0;1983,201,14000.0;1983,65,26557.0;1983,259,16000.0;1983,34982,46218.0;1983,3,22000.0;1983,148,20000.0;1983,138,17104.0;1983,137,7348.0;1983,136,8378.0;1983,135,25702.0;1983,134,16000.0;1983,8,25603.0;1983,14,15146.0;1983,125,7415.0;1983,121,4000.0;1983,118,11111.0;1983,116,14545.0;1983,115,16000.0;1983,113,17580.0;1983,110,10000.0;1983,142,7742.0;1983,107,5000.0;1983,106,22785.0;1983,105,13158.0;1983,103,2100.0;1983,101,3292.0;1983,98,14732.0;1983,97,15145.0;1983,96,9434.0;1983,127,12433.0;1983,92,9428.0;1983,91,7324.0;1983,89,10796.0;1983,81,9567.0;1983,9,19849.0;1983,141,7253.0;1983,234,10000.0;1983,75,11493.0;1983,3897,7143.0;1983,70,18969.0;1983,68,11667.0;1983,64,4354.0;1983,13,17594.0;1983,63,13445.0;1983,270,6651.0;1983,84,6577.0;1983,34980,19606.0;1983,60,16042.0;1983,80,15014.0;1983,355,16201.0;1983,273,9229.0;1983,462,14404.0;1983,463,7500.0;1983,464,26423.0;1983,465,9567.0;1983,466,2293.0;1983,290,17644.0;1983,450,17631.0;1983,477,17525.0;1983,295,17677.0;1983,275,12110.0;1983,467,12908.0;1983,470,8308.0;1983,471,8672.0;1983,472,18851.0;1983,276,9261.0;1983,473,7869.0;1983,475,20415.0;1983,476,22000.0;1983,277,11041.0;1983,34981,11041.0;1983,318,11885.0;1983,454,8163.0;1983,34987,14457.0;1983,5398,7173.0;1983,34988,7968.0;1983,34989,14832.0;1984,148,10000.0;1984,138,16443.0;1984,137,7683.0;1984,136,8957.0;1984,135,16176.0;1984,134,15789.0;1984,8,30403.0;1984,14,17722.0;1984,125,7000.0;1984,121,4000.0;1984,118,12000.0;1984,116,15000.0;1984,115,16000.0;1984,113,17621.0;1984,110,10000.0;1984,142,8090.0;1984,107,5487.0;1984,106,23333.0;1984,105,13043.0;1984,103,2150.0;1984,101,3518.0;1984,98,15269.0;1984,97,16585.0;1984,96,9842.0;1984,127,13336.0;1984,92,13908.0;1984,91,6892.0;1984,89,10000.0;1984,81,11114.0;1984,9,17454.0;1984,141,6754.0;1984,234,10000.0;1984,75,12754.0;1984,3897,7143.0;1984,70,21471.0;1984,68,7273.0;1984,64,4505.0;1984,13,18930.0;1984,63,13193.0;1984,270,6127.0;1984,84,7646.0;1984,34980,19974.0;1984,60,13993.0;1984,80,17947.0;1984,355,17143.0;1984,273,9240.0;1984,462,14796.0;1984,463,7397.0;1984,464,26979.0;1984,465,11114.0;1984,466,2355.0;1984,290,18692.0;1984,450,18986.0;1984,477,17474.0;1984,295,18120.0;1984,275,12293.0;1984,467,13402.0;1984,470,8069.0;1984,471,9437.0;1984,472,21284.0;1984,276,10374.0;1984,473,8582.0;1984,475,22154.0;1984,476,20679.0;1984,277,18441.0;1984,34981,18441.0;1984,318,15115.0;1984,454,7678.0;1984,34987,15027.0;1984,5398,7195.0;1984,34988,8385.0;1984,34989,13760.0;1984,16,15000.0;1984,21,24055.0;1984,23,18435.0;1984,33,6449.0;1984,34,16352.0;1984,37,16496.0;1984,39,9978.0;1984,40,5000.0;1984,41,8000.0;1984,42,6000.0;1984,43,5000.0;1984,44,22642.0;1984,171,13309.0;1984,34845,13306.0;1984,34979,17245.0;1984,170,18602.0;1984,166,9951.0;1984,143,22000.0;1984,128,13750.0;1984,167,8070.0;1984,201,16739.0;1984,65,27238.0;1984,259,16279.0;1984,34982,23333.0;1984,3,20679.0;1985,16,16000.0;1985,21,19884.0;1985,23,17418.0;1985,32,5886.0;1985,33,6571.0;1985,34,13759.0;1985,37,18002.0;1985,39,5190.0;1985,40,7356.0;1985,41,10000.0;1985,42,13000.0;1985,43,5556.0;1985,44,24988.0;1985,171,13608.0;1985,34845,13605.0;1985,34979,17171.0;1985,170,19137.0;1985,166,15997.0;1985,143,6000.0;1985,128,12879.0;1985,167,7200.0;1985,201,18143.0;1985,65,28000.0;1985,259,18056.0;1985,34982,33087.0;1985,3,20509.0;1985,153,10475.0;1985,148,10000.0;1985,138,18994.0;1985,137,7644.0;1985,136,9704.0;1985,135,15909.0;1985,134,15238.0;1985,8,30542.0;1985,14,17101.0;1985,125,6431.0;1985,121,4000.0;1985,118,12000.0;1985,116,22500.0;1985,115,16000.0;1985,113,19505.0;1985,110,10000.0;1985,142,8330.0;1985,107,5290.0;1985,106,25926.0;1985,105,13115.0;1985,103,2927.0;1985,101,3594.0;1985,98,16311.0;1985,97,18170.0;1985,96,10085.0;1985,127,14995.0;1985,92,9646.0;1985,91,8634.0;1985,81,17348.0;1985,9,23023.0;1985,141,11092.0;1985,234,10000.0;1985,75,12848.0;1985,3897,7143.0;1985,70,20756.0;1985,68,8000.0;1985,64,4653.0;1985,13,22923.0;1985,63,14494.0;1985,270,6301.0;1985,84,7755.0;1985,34980,17217.0;1985,60,14984.0;1985,80,21366.0;1985,355,19063.0;1985,273,10186.0;1985,462,16900.0;1985,463,7471.0;1985,464,27647.0;1985,465,17348.0;1985,466,3062.0;1985,290,21262.0;1985,450,22956.0;1985,477,19322.0;1985,295,18330.0;1985,275,12561.0;1985,467,13661.0;1985,470,7994.0;1985,471,10124.0;1985,472,20661.0;1985,276,10028.0;1985,473,7424.0;1985,475,23429.0;1985,476,20509.0;1985,277,17422.0;1985,34981,17422.0;1985,318,13737.0;1985,454,8912.0;1985,34987,15888.0;1985,5398,7213.0;1985,34988,8317.0;1985,34989,14562.0;1986,148,12000.0;1986,138,22108.0;1986,137,5838.0;1986,136,9784.0;1986,135,15833.0;1986,134,15455.0;1986,8,34686.0;1986,14,17717.0;1986,125,7533.0;1986,121,4000.0;1986,118,12000.0;1986,116,6000.0;1986,115,16000.0;1986,113,18625.0;1986,110,10000.0;1986,142,8147.0;1986,107,5294.0;1986,106,25926.0;1986,105,14154.0;1986,103,3238.0;1986,101,4747.0;1986,98,15019.0;1986,97,18799.0;1986,96,10214.0;1986,127,14873.0;1986,92,12287.0;1986,91,7336.0;1986,81,12633.0;1986,9,22967.0;1986,141,9489.0;1986,234,6604.0;1986,75,12636.0;1986,3897,7143.0;1986,70,22222.0;1986,68,7850.0;1986,64,4804.0;1986,13,22411.0;1986,63,17621.0;1986,270,9436.0;1986,238,15000.0;1986,84,7953.0;1986,34980,23518.0;1986,60,11481.0;1986,80,17811.0;1986,355,18199.0;1986,273,9402.0;1986,462,13967.0;1986,463,7720.0;1986,464,28150.0;1986,465,12633.0;1986,466,3359.0;1986,290,20265.0;1986,450,22452.0;1986,477,18464.0;1986,295,16360.0;1986,275,12527.0;1986,467,14033.0;1986,470,6212.0;1986,471,10104.0;1986,472,22141.0;1986,276,15402.0;1986,473,10529.0;1986,475,31099.0;1986,476,20426.0;1986,277,14826.0;1986,34981,14826.0;1986,318,20920.0;1986,454,7869.0;1986,34987,15149.0;1986,5398,7123.0;1986,34988,6952.0;1986,34989,13506.0;1986,16,15000.0;1986,21,21411.0;1986,23,14822.0;1986,32,6500.0;1986,33,6667.0;1986,34,20654.0;1986,37,14522.0;1986,39,10505.0;1986,40,6793.0;1986,41,10000.0;1986,42,7571.0;1986,43,5714.0;1986,44,24969.0;1986,171,14002.0;1986,34845,14000.0;1986,34979,16050.0;1986,170,21284.0;1986,166,16996.0;1986,143,6000.0;1986,128,12934.0;1986,167,7247.0;1986,201,19402.0;1986,65,28937.0;1986,259,18400.0;1986,34982,23507.0;1986,3,20426.0;1986,253,23000.0;1986,153,10690.0;1987,16,12000.0;1987,21,18966.0;1987,23,16499.0;1987,32,7107.0;1987,33,6400.0;1987,34,20093.0;1987,37,18595.0;1987,39,9152.0;1987,40,5675.0;1987,41,10000.0;1987,42,10818.0;1987,43,5769.0;1987,44,27542.0;1987,171,14434.0;1987,34845,14428.0;1987,34979,20021.0;1987,170,19801.0;1987,166,17078.0;1987,143,7500.0;1987,267,16818.0;1987,128,13088.0;1987,167,7222.0;1987,201,18010.0;1987,65,28228.0;1987,259,18400.0;1987,34982,47481.0;1987,3,25975.0;1987,153,10671.0;1987,149,27905.0;1987,148,21667.0;1987,138,19163.0;1987,137,5823.0;1987,136,10549.0;1987,135,19335.0;1987,134,15455.0;1987,8,33058.0;1987,14,17652.0;1987,125,7626.0;1987,121,4000.0;1987,118,12000.0;1987,116,4000.0;1987,115,16667.0;1987,113,17599.0;1987,110,10000.0;1987,142,8898.0;1987,107,5401.0;1987,105,16209.0;1987,103,3302.0;1987,101,6313.0;1987,98,19451.0;1987,97,33976.0;1987,96,8908.0;1987,127,13231.0;1987,92,10073.0;1987,91,7441.0;1987,81,10576.0;1987,9,21179.0;1987,141,10647.0;1987,234,5192.0;1987,75,11134.0;1987,3897,7143.0;1987,70,22327.0;1987,68,8000.0;1987,64,4954.0;1987,13,22794.0;1987,63,17200.0;1987,270,9093.0;1987,238,16280.0;1987,84,8124.0;1987,34980,22571.0;1987,60,7986.0;1987,80,21840.0;1987,355,19052.0;1987,273,8452.0;1987,462,16056.0;1987,463,7446.0;1987,464,26812.0;1987,465,10576.0;1987,466,3358.0;1987,290,21325.0;1987,450,22887.0;1987,477,17678.0;1987,295,18743.0;1987,275,12907.0;1987,467,14421.0;1987,470,6083.0;1987,471,10430.0;1987,472,22260.0;1987,276,17078.0;1987,473,9697.0;1987,475,30979.0;1987,476,25975.0;1987,277,16499.0;1987,34981,16499.0;1987,318,22808.0;1987,454,8127.0;1987,34987,18697.0;1987,5398,7073.0;1987,34988,6951.0;1987,34989,13555.0;1988,148,21538.0;1988,138,15855.0;1988,137,8922.0;1988,136,10790.0;1988,135,19244.0;1988,134,15217.0;1988,8,32595.0;1988,14,17050.0;1988,125,7549.0;1988,121,4000.0;1988,118,12000.0;1988,116,3000.0;1988,115,16000.0;1988,113,16265.0;1988,110,10000.0;1988,142,8161.0;1988,107,5652.0;1988,105,16190.0;1988,103,3394.0;1988,101,5533.0;1988,98,18385.0;1988,97,17228.0;1988,96,11515.0;1988,127,16465.0;1988,92,7135.0;1988,91,7778.0;1988,81,16325.0;1988,9,22847.0;1988,141,9348.0;1988,234,5306.0;1988,7,23471.0;1988,77,8921.0;1988,75,13177.0;1988,3897,7143.0;1988,70,22736.0;1988,68,8235.0;1988,64,5105.0;1988,13,18155.0;1988,63,17021.0;1988,270,11629.0;1988,238,16929.0;1988,84,8282.0;1988,34980,16324.0;1988,60,10350.0;1988,80,21818.0;1988,355,17047.0;1988,273,8113.0;1988,462,16108.0;1988,463,8868.0;1988,464,25314.0;1988,465,16325.0;1988,466,3449.0;1988,290,18423.0;1988,450,18233.0;1988,477,16693.0;1988,295,18724.0;1988,275,13207.0;1988,467,14385.0;1988,470,9158.0;1988,471,11114.0;1988,472,21645.0;1988,276,16420.0;1988,473,10312.0;1988,475,28790.0;1988,476,24354.0;1988,277,15868.0;1988,34981,15868.0;1988,318,19982.0;1988,454,8541.0;1988,34987,17871.0;1988,5398,7023.0;1988,34988,8817.0;1988,34989,12974.0;1988,16,10000.0;1988,21,22638.0;1988,23,15868.0;1988,24,15766.0;1988,32,6020.0;1988,33,6633.0;1988,34,20018.0;1988,37,17124.0;1988,39,7188.0;1988,40,6111.0;1988,41,10000.0;1988,42,10000.0;1988,43,5882.0;1988,44,21625.0;1988,171,14346.0;1988,34845,14341.0;1988,34979,19017.0;1988,170,18850.0;1988,166,22500.0;1988,143,10000.0;1988,267,17392.0;1988,128,13176.0;1988,167,9343.0;1988,201,18078.0;1988,65,26248.0;1988,259,18389.0;1988,34982,40300.0;1988,3,24894.0;1988,153,10730.0;1988,149,16667.0;1989,16,8571.0;1989,21,16534.0;1989,23,18315.0;1989,24,20693.0;1989,31,13729.0;1989,32,6974.0;1989,33,6500.0;1989,34,20117.0;1989,37,19714.0;1989,39,10017.0;1989,40,7375.0;1989,41,10000.0;1989,42,15385.0;1989,43,5814.0;1989,44,22589.0;1989,171,12699.0;1989,34845,12694.0;1989,34979,19150.0;1989,170,19158.0;1989,166,22500.0;1989,143,10000.0;1989,267,19816.0;1989,128,12353.0;1989,167,9066.0;1989,201,18654.0;1989,65,23567.0;1989,259,20000.0;1989,34982,59470.0;1989,3,22825.0;1989,153,10492.0;1989,6,24660.0;1989,149,28750.0;1989,148,26287.0;1989,138,21985.0;1989,137,8014.0;1989,136,10977.0;1989,135,14286.0;1989,134,15000.0;1989,8,34022.0;1989,14,17922.0;1989,125,8212.0;1989,121,4000.0;1989,118,12000.0;1989,116,3000.0;1989,115,16000.0;1989,113,20248.0;1989,142,8041.0;1989,107,6135.0;1989,105,16235.0;1989,103,4000.0;1989,101,5152.0;1989,98,18966.0;1989,97,19885.0;1989,96,8519.0;1989,127,15985.0;1989,92,5933.0;1989,91,10110.0;1989,81,17864.0;1989,9,25634.0;1989,141,10345.0;1989,234,6364.0;1989,7,24529.0;1989,77,10729.0;1989,75,13383.0;1989,3897,7143.0;1989,70,21381.0;1989,68,8951.0;1989,64,5255.0;1989,13,21783.0;1989,63,7000.0;1989,270,11521.0;1989,238,7904.0;1989,84,8219.0;1989,34980,23771.0;1989,60,9647.0;1989,80,20499.0;1989,355,18288.0;1989,273,7047.0;1989,462,16927.0;1989,463,8528.0;1989,464,23567.0;1989,465,17864.0;1989,466,4031.0;1989,290,20598.0;1989,450,21800.0;1989,477,20307.0;1989,295,18904.0;1989,275,11842.0;1989,467,12835.0;1989,470,8164.0;1989,471,11438.0;1989,472,20112.0;1989,276,16777.0;1989,473,9902.0;1989,475,31699.0;1989,476,22784.0;1989,277,18315.0;1989,34981,18315.0;1989,318,19918.0;1989,454,10194.0;1989,34987,18438.0;1989,5398,7386.0;1989,34988,7875.0;1989,34989,12600.0;1990,148,26288.0;1990,138,12853.0;1990,137,10145.0;1990,136,11149.0;1990,135,13020.0;1990,134,14615.0;1990,8,33588.0;1990,14,15106.0;1990,129,8000.0;1990,125,8239.0;1990,121,3750.0;1990,118,10417.0;1990,116,3333.0;1990,115,16667.0;1990,113,20145.0;1990,110,16181.0;1990,142,8074.0;1990,107,6215.0;1990,105,16429.0;1990,103,2990.0;1990,101,5679.0;1990,98,19942.0;1990,97,20998.0;1990,96,12190.0;1990,127,15288.0;1990,92,7421.0;1990,91,6735.0;1990,81,19377.0;1990,9,24253.0;1990,141,8040.0;1990,234,5323.0;1990,7,24266.0;1990,77,12694.0;1990,75,12998.0;1990,3897,7493.0;1990,70,21892.0;1990,68,9927.0;1990,64,5405.0;1990,13,22920.0;1990,63,12982.0;1990,270,10624.0;1990,238,11479.0;1990,84,7873.0;1990,34980,16807.0;1990,60,8986.0;1990,80,20689.0;1990,355,18958.0;1990,273,6778.0;1990,462,13630.0;1990,463,8563.0;1990,464,24686.0;1990,465,19377.0;1990,466,3071.0;1990,290,21112.0;1990,450,22986.0;1990,477,20380.0;1990,295,18655.0;1990,275,13169.0;1990,467,14486.0;1990,470,10179.0;1990,471,11324.0;1990,472,20847.0;1990,276,17970.0;1990,473,10113.0;1990,475,30477.0;1990,476,20811.0;1990,277,15718.0;1990,34981,15718.0;1990,318,24811.0;1990,454,9276.0;1990,34987,18297.0;1990,5398,7948.0;1990,34988,9146.0;1990,34989,12071.0;1990,16,7000.0;1990,21,21566.0;1990,23,15718.0;1990,24,19046.0;1990,31,18025.0;1990,32,6535.0;1990,33,5770.0;1990,34,16234.0;1990,37,17322.0;1990,39,8830.0;1990,40,4667.0;1990,41,10000.0;1990,42,14667.0;1990,43,6000.0;1990,44,26096.0;1990,171,14554.0;1990,34845,14551.0;1990,34979,19436.0;1990,170,19986.0;1990,166,22500.0;1990,143,15787.0;1990,267,9667.0;1990,128,12500.0;1990,167,9068.0;1990,201,19873.0;1990,65,25773.0;1990,259,20000.0;1990,34982,31590.0;1990,3,20940.0;1990,153,10529.0;1990,6,19792.0;1990,149,30000.0;1991,16,6066.0;1991,21,22750.0;1991,23,15551.0;1991,24,24958.0;1991,31,15537.0;1991,32,5747.0;1991,33,9901.0;1991,34,20364.0;1991,37,15533.0;1991,39,18800.0;1991,40,5000.0;1991,41,10000.0;1991,42,25000.0;1991,43,6034.0;1991,44,24415.0;1991,171,13799.0;1991,34845,13795.0;1991,34979,20616.0;1991,170,19244.0;1991,166,20000.0;1991,143,10611.0;1991,267,15102.0;1991,128,12500.0;1991,167,9070.0;1991,201,18937.0;1991,65,28366.0;1991,259,20000.0;1991,34982,29851.0;1991,3,24318.0;1991,153,10890.0;1991,6,23917.0;1991,149,27500.0;1991,148,26283.0;1991,138,23002.0;1991,137,7825.0;1991,136,11369.0;1991,135,10952.0;1991,134,15000.0;1991,8,36828.0;1991,14,14013.0;1991,129,8037.0;1991,125,9024.0;1991,121,3861.0;1991,118,6336.0;1991,115,16821.0;1991,113,21218.0;1991,110,14178.0;1991,142,8113.0;1991,107,5964.0;1991,105,14915.0;1991,103,3098.0;1991,101,4960.0;1991,100,7473.0;1991,98,25369.0;1991,97,16875.0;1991,96,10876.0;1991,127,15384.0;1991,92,16544.0;1991,91,7200.0;1991,81,15540.0;1991,9,26222.0;1991,141,9747.0;1991,234,8587.0;1991,7,23437.0;1991,77,12895.0;1991,75,13686.0;1991,3897,7220.0;1991,70,22222.0;1991,68,10926.0;1991,64,5557.0;1991,13,23030.0;1991,63,18333.0;1991,270,10074.0;1991,238,14006.0;1991,84,7913.0;1991,34980,25780.0;1991,60,9491.0;1991,80,19261.0;1991,355,18791.0;1991,273,8325.0;1991,462,13406.0;1991,463,8455.0;1991,464,25528.0;1991,465,15540.0;1991,466,3198.0;1991,290,21188.0;1991,450,23064.0;1991,477,21343.0;1991,295,18239.0;1991,275,11987.0;1991,467,13768.0;1991,470,7872.0;1991,471,11616.0;1991,472,21328.0;1991,276,19213.0;1991,473,11290.0;1991,475,34645.0;1991,476,24409.0;1991,277,15551.0;1991,34981,15551.0;1991,318,30601.0;1991,454,10441.0;1991,34987,21576.0;1991,5398,8438.0;1991,34988,7923.0;1991,34989,13276.0;1992,148,25441.0;1992,138,14300.0;1992,137,8947.0;1992,136,11230.0;1992,135,16667.0;1992,134,14800.0;1992,8,31316.0;1992,14,17116.0;1992,131,11919.0;1992,129,8049.0;1992,126,13719.0;1992,125,8414.0;1992,122,8750.0;1992,121,3892.0;1992,118,6308.0;1992,115,16818.0;1992,113,18388.0;1992,110,11944.0;1992,142,8143.0;1992,107,5805.0;1992,105,16476.0;1992,103,3002.0;1992,101,6051.0;1992,100,7692.0;1992,98,25814.0;1992,97,13275.0;1992,96,11809.0;1992,127,16811.0;1992,111,4767.0;1992,92,7619.0;1992,12,7831.0;1992,91,8095.0;1992,268,13221.0;1992,83,20000.0;1992,81,7578.0;1992,9,20184.0;1992,141,9905.0;1992,234,7805.0;1992,7,26335.0;1992,77,18166.0;1992,76,50.0;1992,75,13990.0;1992,3897,8996.0;1992,70,20652.0;1992,68,10000.0;1992,67,12312.0;1992,64,5707.0;1992,13,25296.0;1992,63,19886.0;1992,238,14501.0;1992,84,8222.0;1992,60,3075.0;1992,80,11336.0;1992,355,20379.0;1992,273,5816.0;1992,462,9699.0;1992,463,8574.0;1992,464,24854.0;1992,465,7578.0;1992,466,3149.0;1992,290,23671.0;1992,450,25246.0;1992,477,18763.0;1992,295,21301.0;1992,275,12422.0;1992,469,11590.0;1992,467,14293.0;1992,470,9049.0;1992,471,11578.0;1992,472,19537.0;1992,276,14608.0;1992,473,8434.0;1992,474,8750.0;1992,475,27166.0;1992,476,17747.0;1992,277,21141.0;1992,34981,21141.0;1992,318,21608.0;1992,454,9703.0;1992,34987,20018.0;1992,5398,9095.0;1992,34988,8625.0;1992,34989,11209.0;1992,16,4507.0;1992,21,22915.0;1992,23,21141.0;1992,24,17480.0;1992,25,10000.0;1992,31,17931.0;1992,32,6581.0;1992,33,9988.0;1992,34,15431.0;1992,35,20408.0;1992,37,20352.0;1992,39,8070.0;1992,40,5882.0;1992,41,8945.0;1992,42,25000.0;1992,43,6061.0;1992,44,23363.0;1992,171,14274.0;1992,34845,14269.0;1992,34979,21731.0;1992,170,19451.0;1992,166,16667.0;1992,143,14675.0;1992,165,17593.0;1992,267,12882.0;1992,128,12903.0;1992,167,9333.0;1992,201,16420.0;1992,65,26981.0;1992,259,26857.0;1992,34982,30882.0;1992,3,17415.0;1992,153,10835.0;1992,152,2105.0;1992,6,30000.0;1992,149,30000.0;1993,16,7998.0;1993,21,21589.0;1993,23,16168.0;1993,24,23168.0;1993,25,10361.0;1993,31,16944.0;1993,32,6667.0;1993,33,10075.0;1993,34,23000.0;1993,35,17778.0;1993,37,21242.0;1993,39,6742.0;1993,40,14628.0;1993,41,8691.0;1993,42,23926.0;1993,43,6000.0;1993,44,25727.0;1993,171,16198.0;1993,34845,16194.0;1993,34979,23551.0;1993,170,21363.0;1993,143,12298.0;1993,165,23084.0;1993,162,11180.0;1993,128,12025.0;1993,167,9412.0;1993,201,17613.0;1993,65,27534.0;1993,259,27143.0;1993,158,9296.0;1993,3,24561.0;1993,153,10627.0;1993,152,909.0;1993,6,20000.0;1993,149,25000.0;1993,148,28902.0;1993,139,19227.0;1993,138,17175.0;1993,137,10857.0;1993,136,11621.0;1993,135,17966.0;1993,134,14815.0;1993,8,31552.0;1993,14,11510.0;1993,131,11269.0;1993,129,8062.0;1993,126,12969.0;1993,125,8216.0;1993,122,12500.0;1993,121,4000.0;1993,118,6280.0;1993,115,17000.0;1993,113,20927.0;1993,110,10000.0;1993,142,8146.0;1993,107,5811.0;1993,105,16949.0;1993,103,3002.0;1993,101,5681.0;1993,100,7689.0;1993,98,28245.0;1993,97,16322.0;1993,96,12270.0;1993,127,14565.0;1993,111,9943.0;1993,92,12698.0;1993,12,7951.0;1993,91,6667.0;1993,268,13775.0;1993,85,12196.0;1993,83,13571.0;1993,81,14920.0;1993,9,15456.0;1993,141,9389.0;1993,234,7857.0;1993,7,22037.0;1993,77,16672.0;1993,76,80.0;1993,75,13706.0;1993,3897,7418.0;1993,70,23551.0;1993,68,10308.0;1993,67,8714.0;1993,64,5857.0;1993,13,21942.0;1993,63,18500.0;1993,238,15389.0;1993,84,8801.0;1993,60,13090.0;1993,80,19341.0;1993,355,19354.0;1993,273,6566.0;1993,462,12957.0;1993,463,8554.0;1993,464,24393.0;1993,465,14920.0;1993,466,3183.0;1993,290,21871.0;1993,450,22056.0;1993,477,21305.0;1993,295,21615.0;1993,275,14137.0;1993,469,10430.0;1993,467,16006.0;1993,470,10944.0;1993,471,11867.0;1993,472,21138.0;1993,276,14165.0;1993,473,8624.0;1993,474,12500.0;1993,475,26809.0;1993,476,23819.0;1993,277,16168.0;1993,34981,16168.0;1993,318,24054.0;1993,454,10177.0;1993,34987,24056.0;1993,5398,8085.0;1993,34988,10174.0;1993,34989,11504.0;1994,148,28389.0;1994,139,22059.0;1994,138,18431.0;1994,137,9106.0;1994,136,11123.0;1994,135,22596.0;1994,134,13846.0;1994,8,33501.0;1994,14,16223.0;1994,131,9667.0;1994,129,8075.0;1994,126,10899.0;1994,125,9561.0;1994,122,12500.0;1994,121,3943.0;1994,118,6253.0;1994,115,16626.0;1994,113,18114.0;1994,110,13755.0;1994,142,7825.0;1994,107,5855.0;1994,105,22133.0;1994,103,3002.0;1994,101,8011.0;1994,100,7661.0;1994,98,25872.0;1994,97,12655.0;1994,96,13264.0;1994,127,12682.0;1994,111,7130.0;1994,92,15523.0;1994,12,7267.0;1994,91,8894.0;1994,268,16780.0;1994,85,14204.0;1994,83,11000.0;1994,81,12315.0;1994,9,18048.0;1994,141,10167.0;1994,234,7458.0;1994,7,27575.0;1994,77,19162.0;1994,76,111.0;1994,75,13256.0;1994,3897,7591.0;1994,70,24138.0;1994,68,11029.0;1994,67,7045.0;1994,64,6007.0;1994,13,27814.0;1994,63,15091.0;1994,238,17973.0;1994,84,9432.0;1994,60,9679.0;1994,80,21311.0;1994,355,21833.0;1994,273,6539.0;1994,462,13751.0;1994,463,8543.0;1994,464,27158.0;1994,465,12315.0;1994,466,3102.0;1994,290,25066.0;1994,450,27802.0;1994,477,18720.0;1994,295,21404.0;1994,275,14304.0;1994,469,8466.0;1994,467,17126.0;1994,470,9406.0;1994,471,11349.0;1994,472,22332.0;1994,276,15632.0;1994,473,8179.0;1994,474,12500.0;1994,475,29271.0;1994,476,24970.0;1994,277,19999.0;1994,34981,19999.0;1994,318,26773.0;1994,454,9212.0;1994,34987,22805.0;1994,5398,8053.0;1994,34988,8788.0;1994,34989,11316.0;1994,16,7927.0;1994,21,20386.0;1994,23,19999.0;1994,24,22505.0;1994,25,10309.0;1994,31,12110.0;1994,32,5795.0;1994,33,10162.0;1994,34,22387.0;1994,35,13333.0;1994,37,21632.0;1994,39,9402.0;1994,40,9595.0;1994,41,8000.0;1994,42,10455.0;1994,43,6026.0;1994,44,27444.0;1994,171,17351.0;1994,34845,17349.0;1994,34979,21095.0;1994,170,19323.0;1994,143,11460.0;1994,165,21594.0;1994,162,10217.0;1994,128,12500.0;1994,167,9444.0;1994,201,21520.0;1994,65,28828.0;1994,259,25000.0;1994,158,9219.0;1994,3,26100.0;1994,153,10541.0;1994,152,2000.0;1994,6,20000.0;1994,149,25000.0;1995,16,11791.0;1995,21,20446.0;1995,23,15318.0;1995,24,22768.0;1995,25,10000.0;1995,31,13913.0;1995,32,6805.0;1995,33,10249.0;1995,34,20313.0;1995,35,17000.0;1995,37,21998.0;1995,39,9043.0;1995,40,27319.0;1995,41,8360.0;1995,42,10448.0;1995,43,6203.0;1995,44,27828.0;1995,171,16617.0;1995,34845,16614.0;1995,34979,23137.0;1995,170,21075.0;1995,143,11259.0;1995,165,22852.0;1995,162,12912.0;1995,128,12581.0;1995,167,8072.0;1995,201,10939.0;1995,65,24344.0;1995,259,23333.0;1995,158,9211.0;1995,3,25702.0;1995,153,10010.0;1995,152,1500.0;1995,6,20437.0;1995,149,25000.0;1995,148,27692.0;1995,139,20000.0;1995,138,18500.0;1995,137,10121.0;1995,136,11371.0;1995,135,13621.0;1995,134,14000.0;1995,8,37525.0;1995,14,17347.0;1995,131,8845.0;1995,129,8089.0;1995,126,4802.0;1995,125,8331.0;1995,122,13333.0;1995,121,3953.0;1995,118,6225.0;1995,115,16364.0;1995,113,14121.0;1995,110,13367.0;1995,142,8327.0;1995,107,6540.0;1995,105,22156.0;1995,103,4652.0;1995,101,12021.0;1995,100,7617.0;1995,98,30076.0;1995,97,14416.0;1995,96,11159.0;1995,127,15160.0;1995,111,8549.0;1995,92,14701.0;1995,12,5959.0;1995,91,10346.0;1995,268,20572.0;1995,85,14119.0;1995,83,28571.0;1995,81,9005.0;1995,9,17982.0;1995,141,10034.0;1995,234,6667.0;1995,7,28235.0;1995,77,15792.0;1995,76,117.0;1995,75,16498.0;1995,3897,7953.0;1995,70,24194.0;1995,68,10972.0;1995,67,8920.0;1995,64,6269.0;1995,13,23759.0;1995,63,18235.0;1995,238,16683.0;1995,84,10363.0;1995,60,9759.0;1995,80,10828.0;1995,355,20310.0;1995,273,6849.0;1995,462,10583.0;1995,463,7733.0;1995,464,23210.0;1995,465,9005.0;1995,466,4740.0;1995,290,22950.0;1995,450,23889.0;1995,477,15902.0;1995,295,21734.0;1995,275,13851.0;1995,469,7565.0;1995,467,16460.0;1995,470,10148.0;1995,471,11916.0;1995,472,21746.0;1995,276,16398.0;1995,473,7439.0;1995,474,13333.0;1995,475,33002.0;1995,476,25376.0;1995,277,15318.0;1995,34981,15318.0;1995,318,28137.0;1995,454,9260.0;1995,34987,23936.0;1995,5398,8437.0;1995,34988,9714.0;1995,34989,10969.0;1996,148,27617.0;1996,139,20000.0;1996,138,21669.0;1996,137,10319.0;1996,136,11915.0;1996,135,12692.0;1996,134,13750.0;1996,8,36951.0;1996,14,18093.0;1996,131,8437.0;1996,129,8104.0;1996,126,6071.0;1996,125,9077.0;1996,122,10000.0;1996,121,3962.0;1996,118,6198.0;1996,115,16304.0;1996,113,11429.0;1996,110,24600.0;1996,142,9218.0;1996,107,6601.0;1996,105,22166.0;1996,103,6414.0;1996,101,12636.0;1996,100,7857.0;1996,98,28749.0;1996,97,15648.0;1996,96,11769.0;1996,127,16337.0;1996,111,9880.0;1996,92,14104.0;1996,12,5821.0;1996,91,4856.0;1996,268,21028.0;1996,85,17026.0;1996,83,25000.0;1996,81,11765.0;1996,9,19741.0;1996,141,8551.0;1996,234,9500.0;1996,7,25446.0;1996,77,15184.0;1996,76,227.0;1996,75,14053.0;1996,3897,8026.0;1996,70,24390.0;1996,68,11447.0;1996,67,9375.0;1996,64,6415.0;1996,13,25270.0;1996,63,17895.0;1996,238,29172.0;1996,84,10317.0;1996,60,15727.0;1996,80,18373.0;1996,355,21313.0;1996,273,8883.0;1996,462,13930.0;1996,463,5473.0;1996,464,26010.0;1996,465,11765.0;1996,466,6443.0;1996,290,24021.0;1996,450,25272.0;1996,477,16512.0;1996,295,22171.0;1996,275,14347.0;1996,469,6471.0;1996,467,17503.0;1996,470,10328.0;1996,471,12056.0;1996,472,21594.0;1996,276,16817.0;1996,473,7356.0;1996,474,10000.0;1996,475,32008.0;1996,476,25778.0;1996,277,18740.0;1996,34981,18740.0;1996,318,28087.0;1996,454,10082.0;1996,34987,23508.0;1996,5398,8690.0;1996,34988,10193.0;1996,34989,11297.0;1996,16,15480.0;1996,21,21051.0;1996,23,18740.0;1996,24,20100.0;1996,25,9363.0;1996,31,16535.0;1996,32,6370.0;1996,33,10336.0;1996,34,18726.0;1996,35,14000.0;1996,37,22499.0;1996,39,5742.0;1996,40,10710.0;1996,41,8297.0;1996,42,16907.0;1996,43,6220.0;1996,44,25345.0;1996,171,17702.0;1996,34845,17701.0;1996,34979,19217.0;1996,170,21395.0;1996,143,12000.0;1996,165,21857.0;1996,162,14234.0;1996,128,12903.0;1996,167,4829.0;1996,201,12600.0;1996,65,26103.0;1996,259,23333.0;1996,158,9216.0;1996,3,26698.0;1996,153,10889.0;1996,152,14286.0;1996,6,20000.0;1996,149,23296.0;1997,16,12768.0;1997,21,17212.0;1997,23,18974.0;1997,24,22000.0;1997,25,10667.0;1997,31,14851.0;1997,32,6918.0;1997,33,10422.0;1997,34,18870.0;1997,35,18236.0;1997,37,22976.0;1997,39,9750.0;1997,40,9514.0;1997,41,8274.0;1997,42,17209.0;1997,43,6235.0;1997,44,25837.0;1997,171,17653.0;1997,34845,17652.0;1997,34979,23812.0;1997,170,20780.0;1997,143,10000.0;1997,165,24622.0;1997,162,13655.0;1997,128,11803.0;1997,167,8704.0;1997,201,11365.0;1997,65,26223.0;1997,259,24444.0;1997,158,9248.0;1997,3,27449.0;1997,153,5242.0;1997,152,27143.0;1997,6,20000.0;1997,149,20000.0;1997,148,27600.0;1997,139,20000.0;1997,138,22367.0;1997,137,10789.0;1997,136,12125.0;1997,135,18933.0;1997,134,14000.0;1997,8,38018.0;1997,14,17380.0;1997,131,10445.0;1997,129,8120.0;1997,126,10000.0;1997,125,7368.0;1997,122,11133.0;1997,121,3969.0;1997,118,6170.0;1997,115,16300.0;1997,113,15057.0;1997,110,10000.0;1997,142,9117.0;1997,107,6873.0;1997,105,21333.0;1997,103,6648.0;1997,101,12942.0;1997,100,7466.0;1997,98,28415.0;1997,97,14479.0;1997,96,11955.0;1997,127,15671.0;1997,111,11851.0;1997,92,19199.0;1997,12,8808.0;1997,91,4928.0;1997,268,25037.0;1997,85,19026.0;1997,83,20000.0;1997,81,16901.0;1997,9,21982.0;1997,141,8451.0;1997,234,8200.0;1997,7,27073.0;1997,77,13221.0;1997,76,200.0;1997,75,14315.0;1997,3897,8339.0;1997,70,21053.0;1997,68,11053.0;1997,67,12857.0;1997,64,6458.0;1997,13,26165.0;1997,63,17333.0;1997,238,28853.0;1997,84,10620.0;1997,60,16958.0;1997,80,15351.0;1997,355,21567.0;1997,273,9076.0;1997,462,12445.0;1997,463,7631.0;1997,464,25084.0;1997,465,16901.0;1997,466,6677.0;1997,290,24152.0;1997,450,26153.0;1997,477,17133.0;1997,295,21216.0;1997,275,14528.0;1997,469,8595.0;1997,467,17426.0;1997,470,10878.0;1997,471,12315.0;1997,472,19344.0;1997,276,23061.0;1997,473,11015.0;1997,474,11133.0;1997,475,34961.0;1997,476,26695.0;1997,277,18974.0;1997,34981,18974.0;1997,318,31859.0;1997,454,10581.0;1997,34987,23355.0;1997,5398,10623.0;1997,34988,10535.0;1997,34989,11574.0;1998,148,31768.0;1998,139,21429.0;1998,138,20911.0;1998,137,11001.0;1998,136,11923.0;1998,135,16429.0;1998,134,11432.0;1998,8,35040.0;1998,14,14495.0;1998,131,13359.0;1998,129,8138.0;1998,126,3077.0;1998,125,7323.0;1998,121,3973.0;1998,118,6143.0;1998,115,16667.0;1998,113,15978.0;1998,110,4000.0;1998,142,9602.0;1998,107,7311.0;1998,105,14974.0;1998,103,7364.0;1998,101,12959.0;1998,100,7692.0;1998,98,26295.0;1998,97,14309.0;1998,96,12060.0;1998,127,14377.0;1998,111,9437.0;1998,92,13633.0;1998,12,7866.0;1998,91,5505.0;1998,268,19407.0;1998,85,16903.0;1998,83,22500.0;1998,81,16072.0;1998,9,20731.0;1998,141,9345.0;1998,234,9000.0;1998,7,26054.0;1998,77,16236.0;1998,76,383.0;1998,75,14652.0;1998,3897,8539.0;1998,70,26087.0;1998,68,11500.0;1998,67,11613.0;1998,64,6607.0;1998,13,26169.0;1998,63,21111.0;1998,238,28119.0;1998,84,11337.0;1998,60,10595.0;1998,80,17224.0;1998,355,22561.0;1998,273,9898.0;1998,462,12666.0;1998,463,5429.0;1998,464,24011.0;1998,465,16072.0;1998,466,7372.0;1998,290,25519.0;1998,450,26227.0;1998,477,17191.0;1998,295,24616.0;1998,275,14559.0;1998,469,11055.0;1998,467,17532.0;1998,470,11060.0;1998,471,12064.0;1998,472,22560.0;1998,276,20046.0;1998,473,10016.0;1998,475,31079.0;1998,476,25369.0;1998,277,17035.0;1998,34981,17035.0;1998,318,27052.0;1998,454,9148.0;1998,34987,22377.0;1998,5398,8899.0;1998,34988,10767.0;1998,34989,10372.0;1998,16,14327.0;1998,21,26937.0;1998,23,17035.0;1998,24,25189.0;1998,25,11111.0;1998,31,13387.0;1998,32,7109.0;1998,33,10147.0;1998,34,19031.0;1998,35,17175.0;1998,37,23533.0;1998,39,5379.0;1998,40,10308.0;1998,41,8000.0;1998,42,8946.0;1998,43,6250.0;1998,44,27922.0;1998,171,17825.0;1998,34845,17825.0;1998,34979,21358.0;1998,170,21197.0;1998,143,10106.0;1998,165,22772.0;1998,162,12529.0;1998,128,11333.0;1998,167,4829.0;1998,201,12691.0;1998,65,26207.0;1998,259,24000.0;1998,158,9302.0;1998,3,25397.0;1998,153,7500.0;1998,152,5233.0;1998,6,21896.0;1998,149,20000.0;1999,16,17143.0;1999,21,24450.0;1999,23,22667.0;1999,24,27209.0;1999,25,12000.0;1999,31,20412.0;1999,32,8181.0;1999,33,8896.0;1999,34,15411.0;1999,35,21505.0;1999,37,23724.0;1999,39,8333.0;1999,40,13310.0;1999,41,7778.0;1999,42,10034.0;1999,43,6373.0;1999,44,27698.0;1999,171,17891.0;1999,34845,17891.0;1999,34979,21595.0;1999,170,20361.0;1999,143,9987.0;1999,165,25003.0;1999,162,15315.0;1999,128,11333.0;1999,167,4830.0;1999,201,18130.0;1999,65,26367.0;1999,259,24000.0;1999,158,9052.0;1999,3,26622.0;1999,153,9524.0;1999,152,5803.0;1999,6,26010.0;1999,149,20000.0;1999,148,30780.0;1999,139,21429.0;1999,138,23901.0;1999,137,11380.0;1999,136,12013.0;1999,135,16088.0;1999,134,4365.0;1999,8,35329.0;1999,14,17301.0;1999,131,13000.0;1999,129,8153.0;1999,126,7048.0;1999,125,8603.0;1999,121,4000.0;1999,118,6115.0;1999,115,16156.0;1999,113,16366.0;1999,110,11200.0;1999,142,8242.0;1999,107,7732.0;1999,105,21901.0;1999,103,8000.0;1999,101,12500.0;1999,100,7212.0;1999,98,26189.0;1999,97,14486.0;1999,96,12218.0;1999,127,13343.0;1999,111,8055.0;1999,92,18377.0;1999,12,8269.0;1999,91,4665.0;1999,268,27218.0;1999,85,14601.0;1999,83,25357.0;1999,81,14367.0;1999,9,22857.0;1999,141,9756.0;1999,234,8000.0;1999,7,33392.0;1999,77,7950.0;1999,76,260.0;1999,75,14201.0;1999,3897,7997.0;1999,70,27500.0;1999,68,12024.0;1999,67,10714.0;1999,64,6759.0;1999,13,24634.0;1999,63,21110.0;1999,238,27507.0;1999,84,11402.0;1999,60,22785.0;1999,80,20831.0;1999,355,21899.0;1999,273,10274.0;1999,462,14287.0;1999,463,5572.0;1999,464,24509.0;1999,465,14367.0;1999,466,8008.0;1999,290,24348.0;1999,450,24736.0;1999,477,18371.0;1999,295,23865.0;1999,275,14671.0;1999,469,10867.0;1999,467,17604.0;1999,470,11405.0;1999,471,11972.0;1999,472,23094.0;1999,276,20138.0;1999,473,10980.0;1999,475,31670.0;1999,476,26840.0;1999,277,22667.0;1999,34981,22667.0;1999,318,28376.0;1999,454,9441.0;1999,34987,21370.0;1999,5398,11314.0;1999,34988,11159.0;1999,34989,10059.0;2000,148,30548.0;2000,139,20000.0;2000,138,13794.0;2000,137,8222.0;2000,136,12335.0;2000,135,15778.0;2000,134,10000.0;2000,8,35761.0;2000,14,19184.0;2000,131,11343.0;2000,129,8518.0;2000,126,2000.0;2000,125,8442.0;2000,121,3979.0;2000,118,6087.0;2000,115,15993.0;2000,113,14623.0;2000,110,12000.0;2000,142,8995.0;2000,107,8492.0;2000,105,19867.0;2000,103,8298.0;2000,101,12500.0;2000,100,7046.0;2000,98,25331.0;2000,97,14542.0;2000,96,12313.0;2000,127,13135.0;2000,111,10050.0;2000,92,5940.0;2000,12,10138.0;2000,91,4712.0;2000,268,12051.0;2000,85,8100.0;2000,83,24643.0;2000,81,16364.0;2000,9,21870.0;2000,141,9275.0;2000,234,7353.0;2000,7,39916.0;2000,77,13649.0;2000,76,525.0;2000,75,14531.0;2000,3897,8000.0;2000,70,29667.0;2000,68,12075.0;2000,67,10627.0;2000,64,6909.0;2000,13,25613.0;2000,63,7640.0;2000,238,26582.0;2000,84,12031.0;2000,60,17067.0;2000,80,22616.0;2000,355,21689.0;2000,273,10574.0;2000,462,14263.0;2000,463,5282.0;2000,464,24076.0;2000,465,16364.0;2000,466,8268.0;2000,290,24740.0;2000,450,25609.0;2000,477,16837.0;2000,295,23677.0;2000,275,13121.0;2000,469,10068.0;2000,467,16396.0;2000,470,8332.0;2000,471,12271.0;2000,472,26205.0;2000,276,17374.0;2000,473,9425.0;2000,475,25592.0;2000,476,25208.0;2000,277,18714.0;2000,34981,18714.0;2000,318,24110.0;2000,454,9375.0;2000,34987,22008.0;2000,5398,10313.0;2000,34988,8512.0;2000,34989,9788.0;2000,16,15000.0;2000,19,2333.0;2000,21,23312.0;2000,23,18714.0;2000,24,21139.0;2000,25,11940.0;2000,31,20122.0;2000,32,8358.0;2000,33,6411.0;2000,34,19406.0;2000,35,9320.0;2000,37,23999.0;2000,39,6667.0;2000,40,8519.0;2000,41,7273.0;2000,42,8453.0;2000,43,6375.0;2000,44,25483.0;2000,171,16559.0;2000,34845,16559.0;2000,34979,19281.0;2000,170,22493.0;2000,143,9688.0;2000,165,13752.0;2000,162,12463.0;2000,128,11290.0;2000,167,4830.0;2000,201,17061.0;2000,65,27199.0;2000,259,22727.0;2000,158,9184.0;2000,3,25875.0;2000,153,9237.0;2000,152,16591.0;2000,6,20000.0;2000,149,20000.0;2001,16,20000.0;2001,19,2500.0;2001,21,25846.0;2001,23,14848.0;2001,24,20736.0;2001,25,12222.0;2001,31,15861.0;2001,32,7816.0;2001,33,6667.0;2001,34,18727.0;2001,35,16101.0;2001,37,27950.0;2001,39,10000.0;2001,40,13053.0;2001,41,7500.0;2001,42,8596.0;2001,43,6193.0;2001,44,15298.0;2001,171,16249.0;2001,34845,16249.0;2001,34979,19524.0;2001,170,26594.0;2001,143,8077.0;2001,165,22066.0;2001,162,15894.0;2001,128,11433.0;2001,167,4830.0;2001,201,18900.0;2001,65,27922.0;2001,259,22243.0;2001,158,9456.0;2001,3,25617.0;2001,153,9359.0;2001,152,8731.0;2001,6,19584.0;2001,149,20000.0;2001,148,29091.0;2001,139,18750.0;2001,138,20156.0;2001,137,9400.0;2001,136,12181.0;2001,135,14773.0;2001,134,12000.0;2001,8,38122.0;2001,14,20195.0;2001,131,10938.0;2001,129,8515.0;2001,126,5000.0;2001,125,9152.0;2001,121,3982.0;2001,118,6060.0;2001,115,16154.0;2001,113,16503.0;2001,110,10000.0;2001,142,9565.0;2001,107,8430.0;2001,105,19744.0;2001,103,8401.0;2001,101,11134.0;2001,100,6867.0;2001,98,26008.0;2001,97,14919.0;2001,96,12188.0;2001,127,15013.0;2001,111,10125.0;2001,92,16228.0;2001,12,9409.0;2001,91,5527.0;2001,268,23695.0;2001,85,16469.0;2001,83,28108.0;2001,81,16854.0;2001,9,26795.0;2001,141,9688.0;2001,234,8333.0;2001,7,25696.0;2001,77,15267.0;2001,76,540.0;2001,75,14775.0;2001,66,10000.0;2001,3897,8049.0;2001,70,29412.0;2001,68,11339.0;2001,67,10123.0;2001,64,7054.0;2001,13,26639.0;2001,63,23000.0;2001,238,27559.0;2001,84,12381.0;2001,60,6043.0;2001,80,22706.0;2001,355,23209.0;2001,273,10966.0;2001,462,13996.0;2001,463,5229.0;2001,464,25091.0;2001,465,16854.0;2001,466,8377.0;2001,290,26480.0;2001,450,26243.0;2001,477,18210.0;2001,295,26784.0;2001,275,13462.0;2001,469,10226.0;2001,467,16152.0;2001,470,9470.0;2001,471,12244.0;2001,472,25987.0;2001,276,20388.0;2001,473,10633.0;2001,475,32584.0;2001,476,25006.0;2001,277,14848.0;2001,34981,14848.0;2001,318,29791.0;2001,454,9174.0;2001,34987,22401.0;2001,5398,10198.0;2001,34988,9544.0;2001,34989,9579.0;2002,149,20000.0;2002,148,26923.0;2002,139,19516.0;2002,138,22452.0;2002,137,7624.0;2002,136,12360.0;2002,135,23750.0;2002,134,10000.0;2002,8,38613.0;2002,14,18025.0;2002,131,14955.0;2002,129,8512.0;2002,126,6587.0;2002,125,8393.0;2002,121,3987.0;2002,118,6032.0;2002,115,15890.0;2002,113,15318.0;2002,110,10000.0;2002,142,10259.0;2002,107,8595.0;2002,105,19825.0;2002,103,8593.0;2002,101,11499.0;2002,100,6662.0;2002,98,22832.0;2002,97,16193.0;2002,96,12313.0;2002,127,14235.0;2002,111,12340.0;2002,92,20905.0;2002,12,11665.0;2002,91,5461.0;2002,268,24418.0;2002,85,16103.0;2002,83,24030.0;2002,81,17962.0;2002,9,26667.0;2002,141,9206.0;2002,234,9083.0;2002,7,33603.0;2002,77,17761.0;2002,76,230.0;2002,75,14863.0;2002,3897,8000.0;2002,70,29412.0;2002,68,10993.0;2002,67,12699.0;2002,64,13000.0;2002,13,25566.0;2002,63,24567.0;2002,238,30551.0;2002,84,12963.0;2002,60,11250.0;2002,80,14278.0;2002,355,23009.0;2002,273,10339.0;2002,462,10997.0;2002,463,5133.0;2002,464,27026.0;2002,465,17962.0;2002,466,8574.0;2002,290,25667.0;2002,450,25474.0;2002,477,17567.0;2002,295,25884.0;2002,275,14215.0;2002,469,14208.0;2002,467,18624.0;2002,470,7836.0;2002,471,12654.0;2002,472,27690.0;2002,276,20572.0;2002,473,13561.0;2002,475,31826.0;2002,476,27480.0;2002,277,19688.0;2002,34981,19688.0;2002,318,29714.0;2002,454,9742.0;2002,34987,20429.0;2002,5398,9563.0;2002,34988,7969.0;2002,34989,10139.0;2002,16,20000.0;2002,19,2857.0;2002,21,26304.0;2002,23,19688.0;2002,24,25244.0;2002,31,11077.0;2002,32,10017.0;2002,33,6667.0;2002,34,19564.0;2002,35,21617.0;2002,37,26134.0;2002,39,14299.0;2002,40,11119.0;2002,41,7500.0;2002,42,13410.0;2002,43,5611.0;2002,44,22814.0;2002,171,18925.0;2002,34845,18925.0;2002,34979,21775.0;2002,170,23600.0;2002,143,8076.0;2002,165,27031.0;2002,162,21289.0;2002,128,11475.0;2002,167,4830.0;2002,201,19963.0;2002,65,29904.0;2002,259,21739.0;2002,158,9615.0;2002,3,27872.0;2002,153,9461.0;2002,152,14823.0;2002,6,15337.0;2003,16,12107.0;2003,19,3250.0;2003,21,28034.0;2003,23,14760.0;2003,24,25522.0;2003,31,15717.0;2003,32,9796.0;2003,33,6579.0;2003,34,23180.0;2003,35,11741.0;2003,37,28027.0;2003,39,11145.0;2003,40,11510.0;2003,41,7442.0;2003,42,12144.0;2003,43,5737.0;2003,44,21679.0;2003,171,16529.0;2003,34845,16529.0;2003,34979,22000.0;2003,170,21900.0;2003,143,8071.0;2003,165,16565.0;2003,162,15500.0;2003,128,11466.0;2003,167,4750.0;2003,201,17477.0;2003,65,34589.0;2003,259,21235.0;2003,158,5842.0;2003,3,18429.0;2003,153,9560.0;2003,152,26082.0;2003,149,20000.0;2003,148,26154.0;2003,139,17930.0;2003,138,16521.0;2003,137,11929.0;2003,136,12749.0;2003,135,23750.0;2003,134,10000.0;2003,8,26109.0;2003,14,15286.0;2003,131,14052.0;2003,129,8515.0;2003,126,6503.0;2003,125,8615.0;2003,121,3993.0;2003,118,6008.0;2003,117,7593.0;2003,115,16096.0;2003,113,18563.0;2003,110,10000.0;2003,142,10609.0;2003,107,8709.0;2003,105,18965.0;2003,103,8901.0;2003,101,11818.0;2003,100,6309.0;2003,98,28524.0;2003,97,18045.0;2003,96,10000.0;2003,11,5817.0;2003,127,13063.0;2003,111,10644.0;2003,92,18401.0;2003,12,9846.0;2003,91,5527.0;2003,268,17196.0;2003,85,11117.0;2003,83,17000.0;2003,81,13634.0;2003,9,22904.0;2003,141,11608.0;2003,234,10000.0;2003,7,23482.0;2003,77,18460.0;2003,76,250.0;2003,75,15398.0;2003,3897,8922.0;2003,70,31481.0;2003,68,11333.0;2003,67,12226.0;2003,64,10604.0;2003,13,22769.0;2003,63,25475.0;2003,238,31632.0;2003,84,13267.0;2003,60,12000.0;2003,80,14762.0;2003,355,22795.0;2003,273,9932.0;2003,462,10706.0;2003,463,5136.0;2003,464,31943.0;2003,465,13634.0;2003,466,8886.0;2003,290,25435.0;2003,450,22731.0;2003,477,19685.0;2003,295,27918.0;2003,275,14532.0;2003,469,13936.0;2003,467,16324.0;2003,470,12060.0;2003,471,12908.0;2003,472,30389.0;2003,276,15219.0;2003,473,12117.0;2003,475,21030.0;2003,476,19668.0;2003,277,14760.0;2003,34981,14760.0;2003,318,20577.0;2003,454,9740.0;2003,34987,24253.0;2003,5398,12866.0;2003,34988,11594.0;2003,34989,10231.0;2004,149,20000.0;2004,148,26923.0;2004,139,20787.0;2004,138,23733.0;2004,137,9082.0;2004,136,12801.0;2004,135,24146.0;2004,134,10000.0;2004,8,34458.0;2004,14,11930.0;2004,131,14625.0;2004,129,8520.0;2004,126,10373.0;2004,125,8399.0;2004,121,3998.0;2004,118,5987.0;2004,117,6447.0;2004,115,17361.0;2004,113,15010.0;2004,110,10000.0;2004,142,11136.0;2004,107,8772.0;2004,105,21258.0;2004,103,8995.0;2004,101,12450.0;2004,100,6045.0;2004,98,19164.0;2004,97,16316.0;2004,96,13005.0;2004,11,16007.0;2004,127,16251.0;2004,111,14102.0;2004,92,26595.0;2004,12,10000.0;2004,91,4972.0;2004,268,27103.0;2004,85,15877.0;2004,83,28974.0;2004,81,16296.0;2004,9,26622.0;2004,141,14538.0;2004,234,10000.0;2004,7,28446.0;2004,77,20330.0;2004,76,100.0;2004,75,14905.0;2004,66,20000.0;2004,3897,9093.0;2004,74,4200.0;2004,70,35714.0;2004,68,10972.0;2004,67,14175.0;2004,64,7209.0;2004,13,28404.0;2004,63,15263.0;2004,238,29710.0;2004,84,13379.0;2004,60,12973.0;2004,80,17314.0;2004,355,22437.0;2004,273,10262.0;2004,462,10204.0;2004,463,5229.0;2004,464,28945.0;2004,465,16296.0;2004,466,8897.0;2004,290,24982.0;2004,450,28311.0;2004,477,16752.0;2004,295,22342.0;2004,275,14093.0;2004,469,14474.0;2004,467,17870.0;2004,470,9244.0;2004,471,12971.0;2004,472,31483.0;2004,276,17863.0;2004,473,13526.0;2004,475,29917.0;2004,476,25207.0;2004,277,22136.0;2004,34981,22136.0;2004,318,27969.0;2004,454,9687.0;2004,34987,18161.0;2004,5398,9894.0;2004,34988,9179.0;2004,34989,10272.0;2004,16,13333.0;2004,19,3600.0;2004,21,22075.0;2004,23,22136.0;2004,24,25092.0;2004,25,17568.0;2004,31,13086.0;2004,32,5430.0;2004,33,14779.0;2004,34,19725.0;2004,35,25574.0;2004,37,23005.0;2004,39,18768.0;2004,40,11545.0;2004,41,7500.0;2004,42,13096.0;2004,43,5866.0;2004,44,25939.0;2004,171,18164.0;2004,34845,18164.0;2004,34979,20741.0;2004,170,16169.0;2004,143,8074.0;2004,165,21545.0;2004,162,14333.0;2004,128,11667.0;2004,167,4830.0;2004,201,16610.0;2004,65,30266.0;2004,259,20465.0;2004,158,1754.0;2004,3,25104.0;2004,153,9639.0;2004,152,11714.0;2005,16,17500.0;2005,19,3793.0;2005,21,27287.0;2005,23,20312.0;2005,24,28267.0;2005,25,5789.0;2005,28,14148.0;2005,31,15315.0;2005,32,8048.0;2005,33,35292.0;2005,34,17991.0;2005,35,22653.0;2005,37,22303.0;2005,39,22239.0;2005,40,10993.0;2005,41,7778.0;2005,42,15450.0;2005,43,6131.0;2005,44,27082.0;2005,171,17043.0;2005,34845,17043.0;2005,34979,21300.0;2005,170,20000.0;2005,143,7500.0;2005,165,24808.0;2005,162,20401.0;2005,128,11525.0;2005,167,4830.0;2005,201,19646.0;2005,65,34000.0;2005,259,20706.0;2005,158,2499.0;2005,3,24837.0;2005,153,8931.0;2005,152,72674.0;2005,149,20000.0;2005,148,26923.0;2005,139,21122.0;2005,138,23178.0;2005,137,10734.0;2005,136,13006.0;2005,135,24067.0;2005,134,9131.0;2005,8,36303.0;2005,14,16791.0;2005,131,20472.0;2005,129,8512.0;2005,126,11897.0;2005,125,11641.0;2005,121,4013.0;2005,118,5966.0;2005,117,5797.0;2005,115,17171.0;2005,113,19450.0;2005,110,10000.0;2005,142,11538.0;2005,107,8786.0;2005,105,21267.0;2005,103,9401.0;2005,101,12000.0;2005,100,5792.0;2005,98,20244.0;2005,97,15354.0;2005,96,13086.0;2005,11,11284.0;2005,127,17391.0;2005,111,18108.0;2005,92,23922.0;2005,12,10502.0;2005,91,5627.0;2005,268,28107.0;2005,85,17786.0;2005,83,19360.0;2005,81,18167.0;2005,9,24907.0;2005,141,16201.0;2005,234,10000.0;2005,7,26350.0;2005,77,16489.0;2005,75,15654.0;2005,66,20000.0;2005,3897,9343.0;2005,74,4231.0;2005,70,33721.0;2005,68,10972.0;2005,67,14527.0;2005,64,8403.0;2005,13,28960.0;2005,63,18381.0;2005,238,18069.0;2005,84,14341.0;2005,60,16371.0;2005,80,14265.0;2005,355,23179.0;2005,273,10891.0;2005,462,10422.0;2005,463,5256.0;2005,464,32500.0;2005,465,18167.0;2005,466,9336.0;2005,290,25968.0;2005,450,28887.0;2005,477,20340.0;2005,295,23808.0;2005,275,14246.0;2005,469,20416.0;2005,467,16882.0;2005,470,10883.0;2005,471,13579.0;2005,472,35021.0;2005,276,17821.0;2005,473,13833.0;2005,475,31135.0;2005,476,25781.0;2005,277,20312.0;2005,34981,20312.0;2005,318,28070.0;2005,454,10978.0;2005,34987,18445.0;2005,5398,10464.0;2005,34988,10600.0;2005,34989,11511.0;2006,149,20000.0;2006,148,26923.0;2006,139,21333.0;2006,138,23679.0;2006,137,10628.0;2006,136,12878.0;2006,135,22619.0;2006,134,9050.0;2006,8,30987.0;2006,14,16129.0;2006,131,16578.0;2006,129,8265.0;2006,126,8167.0;2006,125,13397.0;2006,121,4026.0;2006,118,5945.0;2006,117,7639.0;2006,115,16032.0;2006,113,14962.0;2006,110,10000.0;2006,142,12400.0;2006,107,8909.0;2006,105,20523.0;2006,103,9603.0;2006,101,11287.0;2006,100,5538.0;2006,98,17273.0;2006,97,15705.0;2006,96,13325.0;2006,11,11429.0;2006,127,17330.0;2006,111,14319.0;2006,92,19434.0;2006,12,9931.0;2006,91,6406.0;2006,88,27421.0;2006,85,17076.0;2006,83,23319.0;2006,81,17625.0;2006,9,24111.0;2006,141,16873.0;2006,234,10000.0;2006,7,26019.0;2006,77,16973.0;2006,76,500.0;2006,75,15604.0;2006,66,15000.0;2006,3897,8841.0;2006,74,4091.0;2006,70,39688.0;2006,68,12069.0;2006,67,12445.0;2006,64,9091.0;2006,13,28816.0;2006,63,21899.0;2006,238,17885.0;2006,84,13906.0;2006,60,13708.0;2006,80,15004.0;2006,355,23288.0;2006,273,11336.0;2006,462,10892.0;2006,463,5314.0;2006,464,28359.0;2006,465,17625.0;2006,466,9545.0;2006,290,26300.0;2006,450,28818.0;2006,477,17425.0;2006,295,24374.0;2006,275,13844.0;2006,469,16525.0;2006,467,16500.0;2006,470,10762.0;2006,471,13453.0;2006,472,36155.0;2006,276,15724.0;2006,473,12349.0;2006,475,28849.0;2006,476,26503.0;2006,277,23023.0;2006,34981,23023.0;2006,318,25247.0;2006,454,11136.0;2006,34987,16461.0;2006,5398,11439.0;2006,34988,10571.0;2006,34989,11525.0;2006,16,20000.0;2006,19,4286.0;2006,21,26793.0;2006,23,23023.0;2006,24,25970.0;2006,25,4906.0;2006,28,15144.0;2006,31,20132.0;2006,32,7844.0;2006,33,10974.0;2006,34,17040.0;2006,35,20208.0;2006,37,23796.0;2006,39,15568.0;2006,40,11421.0;2006,41,7895.0;2006,42,15267.0;2006,43,6226.0;2006,44,28850.0;2006,171,16659.0;2006,34845,16659.0;2006,34979,22000.0;2006,170,20000.0;2006,143,10883.0;2006,165,27737.0;2006,162,18513.0;2006,128,11500.0;2006,167,4830.0;2006,201,11500.0;2006,65,30817.0;2006,259,20316.0;2006,158,6032.0;2006,3,27173.0;2006,153,8910.0;2006,152,33636.0;2006,6,10000.0;2007,16,20000.0;2007,19,6883.0;2007,21,29712.0;2007,23,24370.0;2007,24,25232.0;2007,25,4000.0;2007,28,14717.0;2007,31,19137.0;2007,32,8232.0;2007,33,7609.0;2007,34,16654.0;2007,35,14926.0;2007,37,28133.0;2007,39,6018.0;2007,40,11250.0;2007,41,7750.0;2007,42,15395.0;2007,43,12002.0;2007,44,23011.0;2007,171,14537.0;2007,34845,14537.0;2007,34979,21618.0;2007,170,20000.0;2007,143,8813.0;2007,165,19489.0;2007,162,17513.0;2007,128,11500.0;2007,167,4830.0;2007,201,17188.0;2007,65,32880.0;2007,259,19373.0;2007,158,9208.0;2007,3,25991.0;2007,153,8788.0;2007,152,28000.0;2007,6,10000.0;2007,149,20000.0;2007,148,26923.0;2007,139,20582.0;2007,138,16408.0;2007,137,12351.0;2007,136,12908.0;2007,135,23845.0;2007,134,9067.0;2007,8,31342.0;2007,14,16392.0;2007,131,16856.0;2007,129,8400.0;2007,126,8519.0;2007,125,13004.0;2007,121,4103.0;2007,118,5924.0;2007,117,8972.0;2007,115,12147.0;2007,113,14121.0;2007,110,10000.0;2007,142,12968.0;2007,107,9029.0;2007,105,21383.0;2007,103,9091.0;2007,101,5818.0;2007,100,5278.0;2007,98,25000.0;2007,97,15572.0;2007,96,13740.0;2007,11,15813.0;2007,127,14980.0;2007,111,7881.0;2007,92,12450.0;2007,12,9159.0;2007,91,7926.0;2007,88,20679.0;2007,85,14150.0;2007,83,27619.0;2007,81,11202.0;2007,9,26744.0;2007,141,16783.0;2007,234,10000.0;2007,7,26052.0;2007,77,16243.0;2007,76,824.0;2007,75,15927.0;2007,66,13333.0;2007,3897,9683.0;2007,74,4167.0;2007,70,35350.0;2007,68,11973.0;2007,67,12392.0;2007,64,7500.0;2007,13,28066.0;2007,63,22233.0;2007,238,16239.0;2007,84,14701.0;2007,60,16013.0;2007,80,17566.0;2007,355,24369.0;2007,273,10456.0;2007,462,12461.0;2007,463,6341.0;2007,464,30277.0;2007,465,11202.0;2007,466,9042.0;2007,290,28057.0;2007,450,27848.0;2007,477,16473.0;2007,295,28220.0;2007,275,13510.0;2007,469,16797.0;2007,467,14470.0;2007,470,12449.0;2007,471,13810.0;2007,472,32411.0;2007,276,13682.0;2007,473,10839.0;2007,475,24599.0;2007,476,25420.0;2007,277,24370.0;2007,34981,24370.0;2007,318,21886.0;2007,454,11506.0;2007,34987,21131.0;2007,5398,11332.0;2007,34988,12082.0;2007,34989,11979.0;2008,149,20000.0;2008,148,26923.0;2008,139,20528.0;2008,138,26186.0;2008,137,10415.0;2008,136,13119.0;2008,135,23352.0;2008,134,8854.0;2008,8,32121.0;2008,14,17791.0;2008,131,17326.0;2008,129,8063.0;2008,126,9091.0;2008,125,12487.0;2008,121,4012.0;2008,118,5903.0;2008,117,8722.0;2008,115,6214.0;2008,113,20196.0;2008,110,10000.0;2008,142,13631.0;2008,107,9048.0;2008,105,20056.0;2008,103,9704.0;2008,101,5918.0;2008,100,5019.0;2008,98,25621.0;2008,97,16907.0;2008,96,13753.0;2008,11,15224.0;2008,127,17633.0;2008,111,19083.0;2008,92,19633.0;2008,12,10471.0;2008,91,8248.0;2008,88,24425.0;2008,85,21041.0;2008,83,27959.0;2008,81,17050.0;2008,9,29801.0;2008,141,24048.0;2008,234,8571.0;2008,7,29087.0;2008,77,21324.0;2008,76,112.0;2008,75,15992.0;2008,66,20000.0;2008,3897,8969.0;2008,74,4348.0;2008,70,36490.0;2008,68,12027.0;2008,67,15111.0;2008,64,7168.0;2008,13,26718.0;2008,63,16733.0;2008,238,16786.0;2008,84,13930.0;2008,60,18642.0;2008,80,16129.0;2008,355,23971.0;2008,273,11352.0;2008,462,11784.0;2008,463,6854.0;2008,464,31163.0;2008,465,17050.0;2008,466,9820.0;2008,290,27260.0;2008,450,26763.0;2008,477,21074.0;2008,295,27650.0;2008,275,13730.0;2008,469,17295.0;2008,467,16878.0;2008,470,10545.0;2008,471,13706.0;2008,472,34951.0;2008,276,16118.0;2008,473,13204.0;2008,475,27837.0;2008,476,28706.0;2008,277,23289.0;2008,34981,23289.0;2008,318,28095.0;2008,454,11722.0;2008,34987,21890.0;2008,5398,10519.0;2008,34988,10439.0;2008,34989,12179.0;2008,16,20000.0;2008,19,8575.0;2008,21,28216.0;2008,23,23289.0;2008,24,29369.0;2008,25,5000.0;2008,28,15026.0;2008,31,17500.0;2008,32,8399.0;2008,33,6808.0;2008,34,16031.0;2008,35,20091.0;2008,37,28162.0;2008,39,13358.0;2008,40,27290.0;2008,41,7683.0;2008,42,14574.0;2008,43,11999.0;2008,44,27906.0;2008,171,17028.0;2008,34845,17028.0;2008,34979,19054.0;2008,170,21574.0;2008,143,10769.0;2008,165,30053.0;2008,162,21708.0;2008,128,11667.0;2008,167,4830.0;2008,201,16000.0;2008,65,33601.0;2008,259,19259.0;2008,158,10761.0;2008,3,28986.0;2008,153,8717.0;2008,152,28750.0;2008,6,10000.0;2009,16,16667.0;2009,19,4449.0;2009,21,18480.0;2009,23,18925.0;2009,24,28171.0;2009,25,6637.0;2009,28,14660.0;2009,31,19243.0;2009,32,9491.0;2009,33,8101.0;2009,34,20977.0;2009,35,21549.0;2009,37,26365.0;2009,39,9662.0;2009,40,14542.0;2009,41,7619.0;2009,42,14242.0;2009,43,8310.0;2009,44,25351.0;2009,171,16301.0;2009,34845,16301.0;2009,34979,17967.0;2009,170,22000.0;2009,143,9095.0;2009,165,26000.0;2009,162,22562.0;2009,128,11667.0;2009,167,4829.0;2009,201,16585.0;2009,65,31252.0;2009,259,19116.0;2009,158,13909.0;2009,3,25101.0;2009,153,8654.0;2009,152,24000.0;2009,6,10000.0;2009,149,20000.0;2009,148,25714.0;2009,139,20630.0;2009,138,23990.0;2009,137,10236.0;2009,136,13483.0;2009,135,24675.0;2009,134,8640.0;2009,8,34759.0;2009,14,15812.0;2009,131,18002.0;2009,129,7153.0;2009,126,17778.0;2009,125,15374.0;2009,121,4000.0;2009,118,5882.0;2009,117,9804.0;2009,115,6274.0;2009,113,18675.0;2009,110,10000.0;2009,142,15243.0;2009,107,9139.0;2009,105,22908.0;2009,103,7206.0;2009,101,6078.0;2009,100,4764.0;2009,98,15000.0;2009,97,17214.0;2009,96,13450.0;2009,11,16457.0;2009,127,19818.0;2009,111,11168.0;2009,92,17465.0;2009,12,11882.0;2009,91,8215.0;2009,88,24185.0;2009,85,16561.0;2009,83,29242.0;2009,81,21703.0;2009,9,22189.0;2009,141,22831.0;2009,234,13750.0;2009,7,27076.0;2009,77,16133.0;2009,76,2459.0;2009,75,16500.0;2009,66,16271.0;2009,3897,11867.0;2009,74,4000.0;2009,70,36570.0;2009,68,12000.0;2009,67,16763.0;2009,64,6621.0;2009,13,29578.0;2009,63,17802.0;2009,238,18140.0;2009,84,14639.0;2009,60,18893.0;2009,80,15000.0;2009,355,22471.0;2009,273,11360.0;2009,462,12270.0;2009,463,5685.0;2009,464,28654.0;2009,465,21703.0;2009,466,7470.0;2009,290,25370.0;2009,450,29397.0;2009,477,19901.0;2009,295,22333.0;2009,275,13329.0;2009,469,17966.0;2009,467,16176.0;2009,470,10376.0;2009,471,14179.0;2009,472,34258.0;2009,276,17149.0;2009,473,14301.0;2009,475,28660.0;2009,476,26024.0;2009,277,18925.0;2009,34981,18925.0;2009,318,27649.0;2009,454,12227.0;2009,34987,16004.0;2009,5398,13094.0;2009,34988,10135.0;2009,34989,12595.0;2010,149,22632.0;2010,148,26429.0;2010,139,20672.0;2010,138,22670.0;2010,137,13330.0;2010,136,13726.0;2010,135,21386.0;2010,134,8426.0;2010,8,34639.0;2010,14,16158.0;2010,131,18489.0;2010,129,9500.0;2010,126,9421.0;2010,125,15805.0;2010,121,4054.0;2010,118,5963.0;2010,117,9757.0;2010,115,6881.0;2010,113,10925.0;2010,110,10000.0;2010,142,15625.0;2010,107,9206.0;2010,105,22090.0;2010,103,12951.0;2010,101,5730.0;2010,100,4515.0;2010,98,27931.0;2010,97,17758.0;2010,96,13928.0;2010,11,13757.0;2010,127,14750.0;2010,111,19002.0;2010,92,23641.0;2010,12,11796.0;2010,91,7890.0;2010,88,31748.0;2010,85,17204.0;2010,83,26606.0;2010,81,18173.0;2010,9,23655.0;2010,141,16711.0;2010,234,14000.0;2010,7,28298.0;2010,77,14644.0;2010,76,2182.0;2010,75,19725.0;2010,66,22843.0;2010,3897,10112.0;2010,74,4000.0;2010,70,36869.0;2010,68,12096.0;2010,67,16207.0;2010,64,8683.0;2010,13,29224.0;2010,63,21124.0;2010,238,12592.0;2010,84,15096.0;2010,60,18409.0;2010,80,13557.0;2010,355,25763.0;2010,273,13385.0;2010,462,11987.0;2010,463,5726.0;2010,464,27316.0;2010,465,18173.0;2010,466,11852.0;2010,290,28886.0;2010,450,29234.0;2010,477,12442.0;2010,295,28703.0;2010,275,15358.0;2010,469,18445.0;2010,467,17463.0;2010,470,13400.0;2010,471,14776.0;2010,472,34874.0;2010,276,17501.0;2010,473,14581.0;2010,475,32066.0;2010,476,27420.0;2010,277,19042.0;2010,34981,19042.0;2010,318,28490.0;2010,454,12372.0;2010,34987,22864.0;2010,5398,14394.0;2010,34988,13119.0;2010,34989,12665.0;2010,16,16667.0;2010,19,4446.0;2010,21,29053.0;2010,23,19042.0;2010,24,27501.0;2010,25,6513.0;2010,28,17090.0;2010,31,17472.0;2010,32,8880.0;2010,33,7336.0;2010,34,15579.0;2010,35,19834.0;2010,37,29475.0;2010,39,22717.0;2010,40,12562.0;2010,41,7754.0;2010,42,15174.0;2010,43,8437.0;2010,44,29424.0;2010,171,17711.0;2010,34845,17711.0;2010,34979,17739.0;2010,170,17152.0;2010,143,9006.0;2010,165,27203.0;2010,162,16947.0;2010,128,11667.0;2010,167,4828.0;2010,201,16279.0;2010,65,28453.0;2010,259,18000.0;2010,158,14052.0;2010,3,27494.0;2010,153,8596.0;2010,152,31454.0;2010,6,20000.0;2011,16,18519.0;2011,19,5294.0;2011,21,26053.0;2011,23,17136.0;2011,24,28691.0;2011,25,6226.0;2011,28,15898.0;2011,31,17478.0;2011,32,8996.0;2011,33,15678.0;2011,34,15804.0;2011,35,17374.0;2011,37,31214.0;2011,39,11565.0;2011,40,8873.0;2011,41,7765.0;2011,42,16236.0;2011,43,8276.0;2011,44,27530.0;2011,171,18361.0;2011,34845,18361.0;2011,34979,19091.0;2011,170,21766.0;2011,143,9348.0;2011,165,25005.0;2011,162,23647.0;2011,128,11667.0;2011,167,4835.0;2011,201,16250.0;2011,65,31195.0;2011,259,19175.0;2011,158,18498.0;2011,3,29473.0;2011,153,8750.0;2011,152,33607.0;2011,6,15000.0;2011,149,20000.0;2011,148,26429.0;2011,139,20714.0;2011,138,23155.0;2011,137,11998.0;2011,136,13681.0;2011,135,24286.0;2011,134,8213.0;2011,8,34024.0;2011,14,16006.0;2011,131,18997.0;2011,129,12578.0;2011,126,10294.0;2011,125,15112.0;2011,121,4131.0;2011,118,5964.0;2011,117,9977.0;2011,115,7900.0;2011,113,13197.0;2011,110,10000.0;2011,142,15042.0;2011,107,9659.0;2011,105,20144.0;2011,103,8223.0;2011,101,6953.0;2011,100,4276.0;2011,98,29620.0;2011,97,18091.0;2011,96,13230.0;2011,11,15913.0;2011,127,16621.0;2011,111,13652.0;2011,92,19849.0;2011,12,14789.0;2011,91,7800.0;2011,88,26677.0;2011,85,18773.0;2011,83,27290.0;2011,81,16986.0;2011,9,24893.0;2011,141,15673.0;2011,234,8462.0;2011,7,29386.0;2011,77,16985.0;2011,76,2688.0;2011,75,19631.0;2011,66,15909.0;2011,3897,16154.0;2011,74,4074.0;2011,70,38704.0;2011,68,13586.0;2011,67,20394.0;2011,64,8684.0;2011,13,28199.0;2011,63,17875.0;2011,238,11791.0;2011,84,14694.0;2011,60,19427.0;2011,80,12054.0;2011,355,25190.0;2011,273,11751.0;2011,462,13074.0;2011,463,5877.0;2011,464,29186.0;2011,465,16986.0;2011,466,8268.0;2011,290,28294.0;2011,450,28166.0;2011,477,14454.0;2011,295,28429.0;2011,275,14815.0;2011,469,18957.0;2011,467,18068.0;2011,470,12091.0;2011,471,14677.0;2011,472,37503.0;2011,276,19477.0;2011,473,17597.0;2011,475,29347.0;2011,476,28762.0;2011,277,17136.0;2011,34981,17136.0;2011,318,27679.0;2011,454,12673.0;2011,34987,23948.0;2011,5398,16421.0;2011,34988,11742.0;2011,34989,12844.0;2012,149,20000.0;2012,148,26429.0;2012,139,20755.0;2012,138,16556.0;2012,137,13530.0;2012,136,14854.0;2012,135,23514.0;2012,134,7999.0;2012,8,27591.0;2012,14,17994.0;2012,131,20138.0;2012,129,14997.0;2012,126,17292.0;2012,125,16371.0;2012,121,4267.0;2012,118,6000.0;2012,117,10433.0;2012,115,7915.0;2012,113,17389.0;2012,110,10000.0;2012,142,10450.0;2012,107,9654.0;2012,105,18285.0;2012,103,9726.0;2012,101,2099.0;2012,100,3684.0;2012,98,14880.0;2012,97,18212.0;2012,96,13065.0;2012,11,17076.0;2012,127,15155.0;2012,111,8477.0;2012,92,13388.0;2012,12,13134.0;2012,91,5862.0;2012,88,17247.0;2012,85,19111.0;2012,83,24500.0;2012,81,13771.0;2012,9,27713.0;2012,141,10987.0;2012,234,10000.0;2012,7,28111.0;2012,77,18851.0;2012,76,4000.0;2012,75,62500.0;2012,66,21596.0;2012,3897,13280.0;2012,74,4286.0;2012,70,36394.0;2012,68,11420.0;2012,67,17065.0;2012,64,9604.0;2012,13,26867.0;2012,63,23902.0;2012,238,12387.0;2012,84,14520.0;2012,60,23941.0;2012,80,13260.0;2012,355,22918.0;2012,273,11633.0;2012,462,13816.0;2012,463,4634.0;2012,464,32987.0;2012,465,13771.0;2012,466,9601.0;2012,290,25300.0;2012,450,27044.0;2012,477,18198.0;2012,295,24138.0;2012,275,15470.0;2012,469,20125.0;2012,467,17857.0;2012,470,13594.0;2012,471,16712.0;2012,472,36044.0;2012,276,16013.0;2012,473,15017.0;2012,475,21485.0;2012,476,27731.0;2012,277,22598.0;2012,34981,22598.0;2012,318,22253.0;2012,454,11983.0;2012,34987,16260.0;2012,5398,14989.0;2012,34988,13149.0;2012,34989,12192.0;2012,16,13333.0;2012,19,1641.0;2012,21,22814.0;2012,23,22598.0;2012,24,28051.0;2012,25,5952.0;2012,28,15814.0;2012,31,17243.0;2012,32,8938.0;2012,33,12264.0;2012,34,20590.0;2012,35,12597.0;2012,37,26366.0;2012,39,7903.0;2012,40,10949.0;2012,41,7283.0;2012,42,16931.0;2012,43,13980.0;2012,44,30294.0;2012,171,18144.0;2012,34845,18144.0;2012,34979,19875.0;2012,170,26639.0;2012,143,9278.0;2012,165,17875.0;2012,162,22900.0;2012,128,11667.0;2012,167,4943.0;2012,201,16400.0;2012,65,36186.0;2012,259,19231.0;2012,158,19982.0;2012,3,27815.0;2012,153,8571.0;2012,152,33585.0;2012,6,20000.0;2013,16,10000.0;2013,19,4405.0;2013,21,25391.0;2013,23,22336.0;2013,24,19697.0;2013,25,5679.0;2013,28,14729.0;2013,31,16054.0;2013,32,10193.0;2013,33,11691.0;2013,34,23116.0;2013,35,17801.0;2013,37,29285.0;2013,39,17976.0;2013,40,13512.0;2013,41,9554.0;2013,42,15700.0;2013,43,13228.0;2013,44,28810.0;2013,171,17599.0;2013,34845,17599.0;2013,34979,18742.0;2013,170,27250.0;2013,143,9329.0;2013,165,23606.0;2013,162,20702.0;2013,128,11667.0;2013,167,5009.0;2013,201,16415.0;2013,65,34767.0;2013,259,19231.0;2013,158,19997.0;2013,3,25599.0;2013,153,8889.0;2013,152,34812.0;2013,6,20000.0;2013,149,33383.0;2013,148,25333.0;2013,139,20797.0;2013,138,18597.0;2013,137,10198.0;2013,136,14161.0;2013,135,24474.0;2013,134,7785.0;2013,8,33906.0;2013,14,15520.0;2013,131,19718.0;2013,129,16165.0;2013,126,8010.0;2013,125,15624.0;2013,121,4342.0;2013,118,5867.0;2013,117,9791.0;2013,115,7219.0;2013,113,15198.0;2013,110,10000.0;2013,142,10483.0;2013,107,11719.0;2013,105,22165.0;2013,103,7617.0;2013,101,7222.0;2013,100,3684.0;2013,98,29500.0;2013,97,17893.0;2013,96,14169.0;2013,127,19251.0;2013,111,16620.0;2013,92,22242.0;2013,12,12642.0;2013,91,6755.0;2013,88,24117.0;2013,85,13561.0;2013,83,16655.0;2013,81,15198.0;2013,9,27912.0;2013,141,16955.0;2013,234,10000.0;2013,7,25252.0;2013,77,25000.0;2013,76,3345.0;2013,75,10620.0;2013,66,24433.0;2013,3897,12272.0;2013,74,5000.0;2013,70,41609.0;2013,68,1450.0;2013,67,20535.0;2013,64,11054.0;2013,13,29615.0;2013,63,26333.0;2013,238,11310.0;2013,84,14360.0;2013,60,20909.0;2013,80,13157.0;2013,355,24980.0;2013,273,10685.0;2013,462,10624.0;2013,463,6163.0;2013,464,32390.0;2013,465,15198.0;2013,466,7997.0;2013,290,28355.0;2013,450,29570.0;2013,477,16230.0;2013,295,27643.0;2013,275,13116.0;2013,469,19686.0;2013,467,17337.0;2013,470,10312.0;2013,471,13658.0;2013,472,41365.0;2013,276,18539.0;2013,473,16955.0;2013,475,28525.0;2013,476,22575.0;2013,277,22336.0;2013,34981,22336.0;2013,318,26140.0;2013,454,10763.0;2013,34987,25501.0;2013,5398,15148.0;2013,34988,10020.0;2013,34989,11073.0;2014,149,29533.0;2014,148,25333.0;2014,139,20839.0;2014,138,26896.0;2014,137,9652.0;2014,136,15511.0;2014,135,24359.0;2014,134,7572.0;2014,8,40072.0;2014,14,17614.0;2014,131,18725.0;2014,129,14169.0;2014,126,11816.0;2014,125,14339.0;2014,121,4267.0;2014,118,4806.0;2014,117,8698.0;2014,115,6446.0;2014,113,18838.0;2014,110,9604.0;2014,142,10367.0;2014,107,11886.0;2014,105,23333.0;2014,103,9440.0;2014,101,7500.0;2014,100,3642.0;2014,98,28500.0;2014,97,18127.0;2014,96,11661.0;2014,127,18655.0;2014,111,20699.0;2014,92,25593.0;2014,12,12337.0;2014,91,4745.0;2014,88,35391.0;2014,85,25252.0;2014,83,25891.0;2014,81,18851.0;2014,9,32919.0;2014,141,10901.0;2014,234,10000.0;2014,7,25949.0;2014,77,22955.0;2014,76,2918.0;2014,75,16262.0;2014,66,12314.0;2014,3897,12616.0;2014,74,4698.0;2014,70,43710.0;2014,68,4997.0;2014,67,21652.0;2014,64,10200.0;2014,13,31977.0;2014,63,23935.0;2014,238,10000.0;2014,84,14316.0;2014,60,18827.0;2014,80,13310.0;2014,355,26076.0;2014,273,12632.0;2014,462,12146.0;2014,463,6586.0;2014,464,32018.0;2014,465,18851.0;2014,466,9477.0;2014,290,29450.0;2014,450,31669.0;2014,477,19231.0;2014,295,28071.0;2014,275,13096.0;2014,469,18684.0;2014,467,17622.0;2014,470,9809.0;2014,471,14672.0;2014,472,43407.0;2014,276,19504.0;2014,473,17261.0;2014,475,36889.0;2014,476,28231.0;2014,277,21622.0;2014,34981,21622.0;2014,318,32314.0;2014,454,11816.0;2014,34987,25402.0;2014,5398,12702.0;2014,34988,9731.0;2014,34989,12090.0;2014,16,16908.0;2014,19,5840.0;2014,21,27735.0;2014,23,21622.0;2014,24,26963.0;2014,25,5406.0;2014,28,18397.0;2014,31,12732.0;2014,32,10200.0;2014,33,11514.0;2014,34,22742.0;2014,35,21548.0;2014,37,28659.0;2014,39,24131.0;2014,40,11413.0;2014,41,8220.0;2014,42,15882.0;2014,43,12566.0;2014,44,27062.0;2014,171,17874.0;2014,34845,17874.0;2014,34979,17560.0;2014,170,25095.0;2014,143,9282.0;2014,165,27901.0;2014,162,22774.0;2014,128,11667.0;2014,167,5083.0;2014,201,12324.0;2014,65,33285.0;2014,259,19353.0;2014,158,20472.0;2014,3,29986.0;2014,153,8635.0;2014,152,35975.0;2014,6,20000.0
23982;1961,246,12000.0;1961,19,87500.0;1961,21,242688.0;1961,23,119640.0;1961,26,77778.0;1961,27,100000.0;1961,28,132738.0;1961,29,110000.0;1961,31,136364.0;1961,32,50000.0;1961,194,170000.0;1961,34,238095.0;1961,37,145656.0;1961,38,10529.0;1961,41,52632.0;1961,18581,114286.0;1961,42,80851.0;1961,43,154200.0;1961,174,52500.0;1961,171,134598.0;1961,34845,120000.0;1961,34979,140945.0;1961,170,228640.0;1961,169,71429.0;1961,168,35170.0;1961,199,32000.0;1961,166,170230.0;1961,143,111364.0;1961,164,88889.0;1961,163,81200.0;1961,167,37302.0;1961,200,71561.0;1961,160,149021.0;1961,201,227807.0;1961,65,187042.0;1961,159,50000.0;1961,34982,140909.0;1961,202,43500.0;1961,253,121951.0;1961,203,51875.0;1961,153,58824.0;1961,150,50000.0;1961,149,7856.0;1961,206,41000.0;1961,252,194118.0;1961,254,63667.0;1961,148,167727.0;1961,147,47500.0;1961,146,66667.0;1961,145,50000.0;1961,139,249415.0;1961,137,136788.0;1961,136,63492.0;1961,133,210000.0;1961,132,51853.0;1961,14,81250.0;1961,130,155781.0;1961,129,100000.0;1961,204,40000.0;1961,125,66225.0;1961,124,100000.0;1961,121,100000.0;1961,120,157143.0;1961,118,79412.0;1961,117,30909.0;1961,116,136940.0;1961,211,40000.0;1961,115,600000.0;1961,284,188235.0;1961,213,158302.0;1961,113,115105.0;1961,216,37377.0;1961,109,50303.0;1961,220,50000.0;1961,105,400000.0;1961,261,20455.0;1961,217,100000.0;1961,34984,66667.0;1961,101,117000.0;1961,100,452917.0;1961,99,125506.0;1961,98,181250.0;1961,96,41978.0;1961,95,321905.0;1961,93,155291.0;1961,245,200000.0;1961,229,100741.0;1961,230,113056.0;1961,239,44477.0;1961,232,61957.0;1961,89,120000.0;1961,233,141667.0;1961,86,16567.0;1961,195,38889.0;1961,82,89091.0;1961,81,73849.0;1961,9,331895.0;1961,5396,325000.0;1961,234,74511.0;1961,78,93289.0;1961,75,92286.0;1961,3897,320000.0;1961,74,100000.0;1961,287,33333.0;1961,235,17112.0;1961,73,47059.0;1961,70,74286.0;1961,68,40000.0;1961,64,26121.0;1961,13,105447.0;1961,221,120000.0;1961,238,161142.0;1961,84,99174.0;1961,255,56000.0;1961,61,20000.0;1961,60,31250.0;1961,80,44615.0;1961,355,106746.0;1961,273,60418.0;1961,462,56038.0;1961,463,59565.0;1961,464,236989.0;1961,465,74237.0;1961,466,75273.0;1961,290,165630.0;1961,450,108675.0;1961,477,189103.0;1961,436,100204.0;1961,295,178266.0;1961,275,84910.0;1961,467,133959.0;1961,470,135853.0;1961,471,64104.0;1961,472,88537.0;1961,276,306120.0;1961,475,306120.0;1961,277,97536.0;1961,34981,119640.0;1961,478,117926.0;1961,34752,53667.0;1961,479,36981.0;1961,318,305142.0;1961,454,58563.0;1961,34987,56766.0;1961,5398,98288.0;1961,34988,81065.0;1961,34989,79859.0;1962,454,60119.0;1962,34987,57714.0;1962,5398,96534.0;1962,34988,82836.0;1962,34989,79623.0;1962,246,12000.0;1962,19,92500.0;1962,21,236250.0;1962,23,119640.0;1962,26,82609.0;1962,27,100000.0;1962,28,147155.0;1962,29,105000.0;1962,31,130769.0;1962,32,50000.0;1962,194,170000.0;1962,34,237137.0;1962,37,149916.0;1962,38,10602.0;1962,41,53158.0;1962,18581,114286.0;1962,42,83333.0;1962,43,156850.0;1962,174,52500.0;1962,171,125625.0;1962,34845,87500.0;1962,34979,140875.0;1962,170,216292.0;1962,169,71429.0;1962,168,30000.0;1962,199,33000.0;1962,166,174366.0;1962,143,138211.0;1962,164,91871.0;1962,163,88615.0;1962,167,38095.0;1962,200,71668.0;1962,160,144172.0;1962,201,223964.0;1962,65,204866.0;1962,159,40887.0;1962,34982,159091.0;1962,202,35096.0;1962,253,126512.0;1962,203,53125.0;1962,153,53333.0;1962,150,50000.0;1962,149,8082.0;1962,206,42500.0;1962,252,198780.0;1962,254,120333.0;1962,148,159762.0;1962,147,47778.0;1962,146,72727.0;1962,145,50000.0;1962,139,252785.0;1962,137,133978.0;1962,136,61538.0;1962,133,223636.0;1962,132,48289.0;1962,14,82353.0;1962,130,184293.0;1962,129,100000.0;1962,204,39362.0;1962,125,65385.0;1962,124,96154.0;1962,121,100000.0;1962,120,150000.0;1962,118,80588.0;1962,117,31818.0;1962,116,137778.0;1962,211,40000.0;1962,115,600000.0;1962,284,205882.0;1962,213,202976.0;1962,113,120660.0;1962,216,62131.0;1962,109,36479.0;1962,220,45455.0;1962,105,428571.0;1962,261,14851.0;1962,217,100000.0;1962,34984,62222.0;1962,101,36429.0;1962,100,459167.0;1962,99,125984.0;1962,98,201429.0;1962,96,42078.0;1962,95,289773.0;1962,93,155291.0;1962,245,200000.0;1962,229,110770.0;1962,230,101659.0;1962,239,43491.0;1962,232,61957.0;1962,89,133333.0;1962,233,150000.0;1962,86,17368.0;1962,195,38889.0;1962,82,88430.0;1962,81,48787.0;1962,9,318125.0;1962,5396,325000.0;1962,234,104845.0;1962,78,164017.0;1962,75,94714.0;1962,3897,320000.0;1962,74,100000.0;1962,287,33333.0;1962,235,20000.0;1962,73,47368.0;1962,70,77143.0;1962,68,40000.0;1962,64,25969.0;1962,13,97139.0;1962,221,124000.0;1962,238,165148.0;1962,84,97838.0;1962,255,56600.0;1962,61,22000.0;1962,60,31250.0;1962,80,44776.0;1962,355,107043.0;1962,273,61057.0;1962,462,56373.0;1962,463,60627.0;1962,464,254714.0;1962,465,50528.0;1962,466,83826.0;1962,290,165131.0;1962,450,100608.0;1962,477,189453.0;1962,436,98399.0;1962,295,178357.0;1962,275,85816.0;1962,467,125106.0;1962,470,134772.0;1962,471,64065.0;1962,472,94584.0;1962,276,273378.0;1962,475,273378.0;1962,277,95568.0;1962,34981,119640.0;1962,478,117743.0;1962,34752,52747.0;1962,479,37841.0;1962,318,271426.0;1963,159,48000.0;1963,34982,153846.0;1963,202,44983.0;1963,253,156522.0;1963,203,51176.0;1963,153,53333.0;1963,150,50000.0;1963,149,9033.0;1963,206,49250.0;1963,252,197647.0;1963,254,58333.0;1963,148,172429.0;1963,147,47647.0;1963,146,117692.0;1963,145,50000.0;1963,139,271711.0;1963,137,134767.0;1963,136,62963.0;1963,133,220000.0;1963,132,52447.0;1963,14,81250.0;1963,130,131507.0;1963,129,100000.0;1963,204,40000.0;1963,125,66250.0;1963,124,93333.0;1963,121,100000.0;1963,120,140000.0;1963,118,80556.0;1963,117,31818.0;1963,116,136667.0;1963,211,42308.0;1963,115,600000.0;1963,284,176471.0;1963,213,247748.0;1963,113,127258.0;1963,216,30787.0;1963,109,61105.0;1963,220,43103.0;1963,105,422222.0;1963,261,17327.0;1963,217,100000.0;1963,34984,60489.0;1963,101,94000.0;1963,100,467667.0;1963,99,125475.0;1963,98,245000.0;1963,96,45176.0;1963,95,301087.0;1963,93,152132.0;1963,245,200000.0;1963,229,99856.0;1963,230,96744.0;1963,239,50655.0;1963,232,61380.0;1963,89,133333.0;1963,233,161290.0;1963,86,16935.0;1963,195,40000.0;1963,82,114545.0;1963,81,80114.0;1963,9,355104.0;1963,5396,325000.0;1963,234,127688.0;1963,78,53353.0;1963,75,99500.0;1963,3897,320000.0;1963,74,100000.0;1963,287,33333.0;1963,235,20000.0;1963,73,49485.0;1963,70,80000.0;1963,68,40000.0;1963,64,26000.0;1963,13,91981.0;1963,221,118750.0;1963,238,173841.0;1963,84,98718.0;1963,255,55882.0;1963,61,24000.0;1963,60,31250.0;1963,80,43478.0;1963,355,108478.0;1963,273,62711.0;1963,462,58388.0;1963,463,59979.0;1963,464,236875.0;1963,465,79447.0;1963,466,85252.0;1963,290,161417.0;1963,450,99854.0;1963,477,189281.0;1963,436,93520.0;1963,295,172596.0;1963,275,88579.0;1963,467,93648.0;1963,470,134494.0;1963,471,68219.0;1963,472,90774.0;1963,276,301076.0;1963,475,301076.0;1963,277,99308.0;1963,34981,111881.0;1963,478,118093.0;1963,34752,49969.0;1963,479,43597.0;1963,318,299495.0;1963,454,61135.0;1963,34987,61192.0;1963,5398,94793.0;1963,34988,84338.0;1963,34989,80588.0;1963,246,14400.0;1963,19,90909.0;1963,21,214000.0;1963,23,111881.0;1963,26,87234.0;1963,27,100000.0;1963,28,138059.0;1963,29,100000.0;1963,31,136364.0;1963,32,50000.0;1963,194,169143.0;1963,34,224000.0;1963,37,147151.0;1963,38,10677.0;1963,41,55263.0;1963,18581,114286.0;1963,42,85714.0;1963,43,157778.0;1963,174,52941.0;1963,171,93754.0;1963,34845,107500.0;1963,34979,90018.0;1963,170,207357.0;1963,169,71429.0;1963,168,33125.0;1963,199,33000.0;1963,166,169362.0;1963,143,136667.0;1963,164,94802.0;1963,163,83000.0;1963,167,37984.0;1963,200,57194.0;1963,160,129456.0;1963,201,202705.0;1963,65,180039.0;1964,246,22600.0;1964,19,93182.0;1964,21,262000.0;1964,23,124690.0;1964,26,89583.0;1964,27,100000.0;1964,28,158639.0;1964,29,95000.0;1964,31,135294.0;1964,32,50000.0;1964,194,170000.0;1964,34,239514.0;1964,37,154473.0;1964,38,10848.0;1964,41,59474.0;1964,18581,133333.0;1964,42,87912.0;1964,43,161111.0;1964,174,56471.0;1964,171,152328.0;1964,34845,165000.0;1964,34979,148125.0;1964,170,192966.0;1964,169,70000.0;1964,168,38235.0;1964,199,33077.0;1964,166,171913.0;1964,143,135000.0;1964,164,93494.0;1964,163,88875.0;1964,167,38285.0;1964,200,70908.0;1964,160,140434.0;1964,201,195266.0;1964,65,141062.0;1964,159,48000.0;1964,34982,150000.0;1964,202,38913.0;1964,253,160000.0;1964,203,52941.0;1964,153,46154.0;1964,150,42500.0;1964,149,9329.0;1964,206,47143.0;1964,252,205323.0;1964,254,21333.0;1964,148,158286.0;1964,147,47647.0;1964,146,86667.0;1964,145,50000.0;1964,139,253355.0;1964,137,135556.0;1964,136,62857.0;1964,133,216522.0;1964,132,59333.0;1964,14,81818.0;1964,130,143944.0;1964,129,100000.0;1964,204,40000.0;1964,125,66667.0;1964,124,65672.0;1964,121,100000.0;1964,120,142857.0;1964,118,78947.0;1964,117,32727.0;1964,116,138077.0;1964,211,44444.0;1964,115,600000.0;1964,284,133333.0;1964,213,121463.0;1964,113,127380.0;1964,216,23146.0;1964,109,60000.0;1964,220,50000.0;1964,105,422222.0;1964,261,25743.0;1964,217,100000.0;1964,34984,60489.0;1964,101,104250.0;1964,100,437462.0;1964,99,125461.0;1964,98,243750.0;1964,96,39666.0;1964,95,318447.0;1964,93,154619.0;1964,245,200000.0;1964,229,110289.0;1964,230,96221.0;1964,239,42974.0;1964,232,70371.0;1964,89,133333.0;1964,233,150794.0;1964,86,16944.0;1964,195,40556.0;1964,82,142857.0;1964,81,43207.0;1964,9,371633.0;1964,5396,350000.0;1964,234,137285.0;1964,78,50000.0;1964,75,92875.0;1964,3897,320000.0;1964,74,100000.0;1964,287,36667.0;1964,235,18333.0;1964,73,51514.0;1964,70,82857.0;1964,68,40000.0;1964,64,25954.0;1964,13,114667.0;1964,221,122500.0;1964,238,173864.0;1964,84,100000.0;1964,255,56863.0;1964,61,23636.0;1964,60,31250.0;1964,80,44928.0;1964,355,110604.0;1964,273,63925.0;1964,462,60734.0;1964,463,61029.0;1964,464,216643.0;1964,465,43406.0;1964,466,84141.0;1964,290,164414.0;1964,450,119697.0;1964,477,186176.0;1964,436,94221.0;1964,295,175729.0;1964,275,88078.0;1964,467,151690.0;1964,470,138468.0;1964,471,63917.0;1964,472,80868.0;1964,276,318664.0;1964,475,318664.0;1964,277,98565.0;1964,34981,124690.0;1964,478,119051.0;1964,34752,48574.0;1964,479,37274.0;1964,318,317206.0;1964,454,64732.0;1964,34987,64714.0;1964,5398,94156.0;1964,34988,87012.0;1964,34989,83761.0;1965,454,63241.0;1965,34987,64013.0;1965,5398,101180.0;1965,34988,91575.0;1965,34989,83851.0;1965,246,22395.0;1965,19,87500.0;1965,21,217647.0;1965,23,130432.0;1965,26,91837.0;1965,27,100000.0;1965,28,153037.0;1965,29,90000.0;1965,31,137931.0;1965,32,50000.0;1965,194,170000.0;1965,34,239335.0;1965,37,152129.0;1965,38,10977.0;1965,41,57000.0;1965,18581,161600.0;1965,42,66471.0;1965,43,168750.0;1965,174,55556.0;1965,171,170723.0;1965,34845,181250.0;1965,34979,167654.0;1965,170,225172.0;1965,169,69697.0;1965,168,42105.0;1965,199,30000.0;1965,166,185655.0;1965,143,135588.0;1965,164,103789.0;1965,163,161250.0;1965,167,38991.0;1965,200,82927.0;1965,160,133022.0;1965,201,157333.0;1965,65,190434.0;1965,159,48000.0;1965,34982,151724.0;1965,202,19773.0;1965,253,160000.0;1965,203,54118.0;1965,153,41667.0;1965,150,50199.0;1965,149,9320.0;1965,206,43333.0;1965,252,197561.0;1965,254,61667.0;1965,148,136095.0;1965,147,48333.0;1965,146,75639.0;1965,145,50000.0;1965,139,267857.0;1965,137,155024.0;1965,136,65517.0;1965,133,191304.0;1965,132,66361.0;1965,14,80000.0;1965,130,146667.0;1965,129,100000.0;1965,204,40000.0;1965,125,66265.0;1965,124,100277.0;1965,121,100000.0;1965,120,140000.0;1965,118,77500.0;1965,117,30000.0;1965,116,137407.0;1965,211,44444.0;1965,115,600000.0;1965,284,236559.0;1965,213,245667.0;1965,113,137823.0;1965,216,27778.0;1965,109,50000.0;1965,220,47619.0;1965,105,411899.0;1965,261,19820.0;1965,217,100000.0;1965,34984,47117.0;1965,101,103673.0;1965,100,445308.0;1965,99,125000.0;1965,98,290000.0;1965,96,36938.0;1965,95,320755.0;1965,93,152668.0;1965,245,240000.0;1965,229,128125.0;1965,230,98256.0;1965,239,41250.0;1965,232,57720.0;1965,89,114100.0;1965,233,153846.0;1965,86,15250.0;1965,195,41111.0;1965,82,146729.0;1965,81,39572.0;1965,9,376162.0;1965,5396,291667.0;1965,234,163172.0;1965,78,27530.0;1965,75,97750.0;1965,3897,300000.0;1965,74,100000.0;1965,287,36667.0;1965,235,36667.0;1965,73,53731.0;1965,70,85714.0;1965,68,40000.0;1965,64,25954.0;1965,13,84583.0;1965,221,117647.0;1965,238,182874.0;1965,84,102500.0;1965,255,57451.0;1965,61,25455.0;1965,60,31250.0;1965,80,44928.0;1965,355,111481.0;1965,273,63158.0;1965,462,59612.0;1965,463,60257.0;1965,464,232447.0;1965,465,39055.0;1965,466,85839.0;1965,290,159588.0;1965,450,91905.0;1965,477,192037.0;1965,436,102901.0;1965,295,163934.0;1965,275,94510.0;1965,467,170088.0;1965,470,153671.0;1965,471,65484.0;1965,472,88016.0;1965,276,327848.0;1965,475,327848.0;1965,277,99263.0;1965,34981,130432.0;1965,478,115781.0;1965,34752,43477.0;1965,479,40059.0;1965,318,326785.0;1966,159,38182.0;1966,34982,151724.0;1966,202,44612.0;1966,253,162500.0;1966,203,55882.0;1966,153,41667.0;1966,150,50247.0;1966,149,9458.0;1966,206,43333.0;1966,252,200000.0;1966,254,47000.0;1966,148,160143.0;1966,147,47059.0;1966,146,72871.0;1966,145,56522.0;1966,139,330071.0;1966,137,163254.0;1966,136,61250.0;1966,133,234348.0;1966,132,96160.0;1966,14,80000.0;1966,130,146829.0;1966,129,100000.0;1966,204,40000.0;1966,125,67059.0;1966,124,117034.0;1966,121,100000.0;1966,120,140000.0;1966,118,85714.0;1966,117,31667.0;1966,116,136216.0;1966,211,43333.0;1966,115,600000.0;1966,284,270833.0;1966,213,231359.0;1966,113,131081.0;1966,216,25333.0;1966,109,50000.0;1966,220,46154.0;1966,105,348525.0;1966,261,38739.0;1966,217,100000.0;1966,34984,51948.0;1966,101,74918.0;1966,100,451077.0;1966,99,125000.0;1966,98,261375.0;1966,96,39099.0;1966,95,250014.0;1966,93,169154.0;1966,245,240000.0;1966,229,123750.0;1966,230,88517.0;1966,239,25000.0;1966,232,44760.0;1966,89,113471.0;1966,233,153846.0;1966,86,15253.0;1966,195,41667.0;1966,82,239245.0;1966,81,53728.0;1966,9,385100.0;1966,5396,291667.0;1966,234,153439.0;1966,78,31908.0;1966,75,101920.0;1966,3897,299455.0;1966,74,100000.0;1966,287,36667.0;1966,235,45714.0;1966,73,55435.0;1966,70,88571.0;1966,68,45106.0;1966,64,25965.0;1966,13,97531.0;1966,221,122222.0;1966,238,183036.0;1966,84,106410.0;1966,255,56731.0;1966,61,25109.0;1966,60,31250.0;1966,80,45714.0;1966,355,112208.0;1966,273,64020.0;1966,462,59931.0;1966,463,60163.0;1966,464,250085.0;1966,465,52897.0;1966,466,89295.0;1966,290,159987.0;1966,450,102174.0;1966,477,206292.0;1966,436,112992.0;1966,295,155744.0;1966,275,96817.0;1966,467,141978.0;1966,470,163915.0;1966,471,65683.0;1966,472,95898.0;1966,276,334676.0;1966,475,334676.0;1966,277,100734.0;1966,34981,126704.0;1966,478,119169.0;1966,34752,44739.0;1966,479,33305.0;1966,318,333426.0;1966,454,65896.0;1966,34987,64605.0;1966,5398,109005.0;1966,34988,95098.0;1966,34989,89152.0;1966,246,13992.0;1966,19,87500.0;1966,20,16667.0;1966,21,273053.0;1966,23,126704.0;1966,26,94000.0;1966,27,100000.0;1966,28,180523.0;1966,29,88316.0;1966,31,140000.0;1966,32,50000.0;1966,194,170000.0;1966,34,240022.0;1966,37,148057.0;1966,196,125000.0;1966,38,10912.0;1966,41,57500.0;1966,18581,203440.0;1966,42,64563.0;1966,43,162500.0;1966,197,45000.0;1966,174,55556.0;1966,171,142319.0;1966,34845,133333.0;1966,34979,144534.0;1966,170,248276.0;1966,169,69697.0;1966,168,50000.0;1966,199,29839.0;1966,166,209792.0;1966,143,143056.0;1966,164,144835.0;1966,163,158000.0;1966,167,40000.0;1966,200,60341.0;1966,160,112604.0;1966,201,135096.0;1966,65,224181.0;1967,246,21436.0;1967,19,88750.0;1967,20,13333.0;1967,21,324040.0;1967,23,136341.0;1967,26,97030.0;1967,27,100000.0;1967,28,169725.0;1967,29,78947.0;1967,31,138636.0;1967,32,52500.0;1967,194,170000.0;1967,34,240037.0;1967,37,163864.0;1967,196,120000.0;1967,38,14133.0;1967,41,58500.0;1967,18581,221575.0;1967,42,76385.0;1967,43,155556.0;1967,197,45000.0;1967,174,55556.0;1967,171,144664.0;1967,34845,125000.0;1967,34979,148230.0;1967,170,263448.0;1967,169,71212.0;1967,168,50000.0;1967,199,36667.0;1967,166,223702.0;1967,143,127231.0;1967,164,262529.0;1967,163,159714.0;1967,167,40000.0;1967,200,74857.0;1967,160,110197.0;1967,201,126129.0;1967,65,166311.0;1967,159,38182.0;1967,34982,151515.0;1967,202,25942.0;1967,253,164286.0;1967,203,57059.0;1967,153,41667.0;1967,150,50031.0;1967,149,9891.0;1967,206,51667.0;1967,252,200000.0;1967,254,50000.0;1967,148,160381.0;1967,147,38235.0;1967,146,59472.0;1967,145,56000.0;1967,139,325134.0;1967,137,153990.0;1967,136,59375.0;1967,133,219565.0;1967,132,93680.0;1967,14,80000.0;1967,130,160652.0;1967,129,100000.0;1967,204,40000.0;1967,125,66667.0;1967,124,110529.0;1967,121,100000.0;1967,120,140000.0;1967,118,80952.0;1967,117,33333.0;1967,116,136932.0;1967,211,43333.0;1967,115,600000.0;1967,284,240000.0;1967,213,237711.0;1967,113,128451.0;1967,216,41667.0;1967,109,50000.0;1967,220,44118.0;1967,105,345958.0;1967,261,40541.0;1967,217,100000.0;1967,34984,51948.0;1967,101,83279.0;1967,100,455231.0;1967,99,132246.0;1967,98,269875.0;1967,96,40461.0;1967,95,246802.0;1967,93,170563.0;1967,245,240000.0;1967,229,118750.0;1967,230,77857.0;1967,239,40000.0;1967,232,57460.0;1967,89,117647.0;1967,233,138462.0;1967,86,15404.0;1967,195,41944.0;1967,82,235714.0;1967,81,64648.0;1967,9,355333.0;1967,5396,291667.0;1967,234,202752.0;1967,78,38889.0;1967,75,96000.0;1967,3897,304909.0;1967,74,100000.0;1967,287,40000.0;1967,235,53846.0;1967,73,60141.0;1967,70,92857.0;1967,68,45064.0;1967,64,25948.0;1967,13,89780.0;1967,221,121053.0;1967,238,176248.0;1967,84,110256.0;1967,255,56226.0;1967,61,25109.0;1967,60,31250.0;1967,80,45205.0;1967,355,113726.0;1967,273,64378.0;1967,462,60946.0;1967,463,60831.0;1967,464,213499.0;1967,465,64082.0;1967,466,84612.0;1967,290,164668.0;1967,450,95262.0;1967,477,217556.0;1967,436,111302.0;1967,295,160077.0;1967,275,94904.0;1967,467,144355.0;1967,470,154920.0;1967,471,65386.0;1967,472,95481.0;1967,276,314956.0;1967,475,314956.0;1967,277,108068.0;1967,34981,136341.0;1967,478,124376.0;1967,34752,44734.0;1967,479,45060.0;1967,318,314126.0;1967,454,66290.0;1967,34987,64595.0;1967,5398,110082.0;1967,34988,93105.0;1967,34989,91432.0;1968,454,64968.0;1968,34987,62568.0;1968,5398,110485.0;1968,34988,90120.0;1968,34989,92192.0;1968,246,17857.0;1968,19,88750.0;1968,20,12500.0;1968,21,254095.0;1968,23,139713.0;1968,26,100000.0;1968,27,100000.0;1968,28,177225.0;1968,29,71053.0;1968,31,138333.0;1968,32,52500.0;1968,194,170000.0;1968,34,240000.0;1968,37,163415.0;1968,196,120000.0;1968,38,14898.0;1968,41,60000.0;1968,18581,205030.0;1968,42,51493.0;1968,43,160000.0;1968,197,45000.0;1968,174,55556.0;1968,171,141966.0;1968,34845,112500.0;1968,34979,147347.0;1968,170,265517.0;1968,169,70588.0;1968,168,50000.0;1968,199,22500.0;1968,166,269347.0;1968,143,134345.0;1968,164,128733.0;1968,163,176133.0;1968,167,40000.0;1968,200,86307.0;1968,160,121481.0;1968,201,141732.0;1968,65,227513.0;1968,159,37143.0;1968,34982,151515.0;1968,202,51667.0;1968,253,161429.0;1968,203,55556.0;1968,153,46154.0;1968,150,50031.0;1968,149,9150.0;1968,206,53333.0;1968,252,162791.0;1968,254,51333.0;1968,148,180840.0;1968,147,44118.0;1968,146,61614.0;1968,145,55556.0;1968,139,330732.0;1968,137,142045.0;1968,136,54118.0;1968,133,200000.0;1968,132,99000.0;1968,14,80000.0;1968,130,141417.0;1968,129,100000.0;1968,204,40000.0;1968,125,66667.0;1968,124,120416.0;1968,121,100000.0;1968,120,142857.0;1968,118,84000.0;1968,117,33333.0;1968,116,135955.0;1968,211,45161.0;1968,115,600000.0;1968,284,242574.0;1968,213,245731.0;1968,113,127861.0;1968,216,41667.0;1968,109,45000.0;1968,220,42857.0;1968,105,331579.0;1968,261,45045.0;1968,217,111111.0;1968,34984,51948.0;1968,101,74203.0;1968,100,451905.0;1968,99,125000.0;1968,98,275000.0;1968,96,43079.0;1968,95,199713.0;1968,93,191385.0;1968,245,240000.0;1968,229,115000.0;1968,230,85393.0;1968,239,44000.0;1968,232,54160.0;1968,89,125000.0;1968,233,130769.0;1968,86,15404.0;1968,195,42222.0;1968,82,229980.0;1968,81,95672.0;1968,9,365648.0;1968,5396,300000.0;1968,234,255235.0;1968,78,36159.0;1968,75,96000.0;1968,3897,300000.0;1968,74,100000.0;1968,287,40000.0;1968,235,52857.0;1968,73,58070.0;1968,70,97143.0;1968,68,36895.0;1968,64,26028.0;1968,13,75825.0;1968,221,120000.0;1968,238,192050.0;1968,84,115385.0;1968,255,55556.0;1968,61,25109.0;1968,60,31250.0;1968,80,46667.0;1968,355,116660.0;1968,273,64691.0;1968,462,60077.0;1968,463,61520.0;1968,464,254050.0;1968,465,93999.0;1968,466,89381.0;1968,290,174822.0;1968,450,83000.0;1968,477,238482.0;1968,436,111421.0;1968,295,166824.0;1968,275,92871.0;1968,467,141668.0;1968,470,145891.0;1968,471,65086.0;1968,472,91358.0;1968,276,321456.0;1968,475,321456.0;1968,277,107981.0;1968,34981,139713.0;1968,478,120320.0;1968,34752,44638.0;1968,479,45971.0;1968,318,320637.0;1969,159,37143.0;1969,34982,151515.0;1969,202,48333.0;1969,253,150000.0;1969,203,57778.0;1969,153,46154.0;1969,150,54333.0;1969,149,7967.0;1969,206,46667.0;1969,252,198630.0;1969,254,53030.0;1969,148,177111.0;1969,147,44444.0;1969,146,48353.0;1969,145,57407.0;1969,139,330579.0;1969,137,138055.0;1969,136,55150.0;1969,133,252381.0;1969,132,98000.0;1969,14,80000.0;1969,130,149985.0;1969,129,100000.0;1969,204,40152.0;1969,125,67033.0;1969,124,119743.0;1969,121,100000.0;1969,120,142857.0;1969,118,79120.0;1969,117,33333.0;1969,116,165746.0;1969,211,45161.0;1969,115,600000.0;1969,284,229167.0;1969,213,240924.0;1969,113,124428.0;1969,216,40000.0;1969,109,64633.0;1969,220,41667.0;1969,105,563506.0;1969,261,45455.0;1969,217,111111.0;1969,34984,51948.0;1969,101,75072.0;1969,100,443130.0;1969,99,126667.0;1969,98,270588.0;1969,96,40052.0;1969,95,262820.0;1969,93,179151.0;1969,245,120000.0;1969,229,108575.0;1969,230,91406.0;1969,239,47273.0;1969,232,43600.0;1969,89,129630.0;1969,233,146154.0;1969,86,15099.0;1969,195,42500.0;1969,82,233861.0;1969,81,128514.0;1969,9,400185.0;1969,5396,309524.0;1969,234,237830.0;1969,78,41600.0;1969,75,96000.0;1969,3897,290500.0;1969,74,100000.0;1969,287,40000.0;1969,235,34141.0;1969,73,57793.0;1969,70,124500.0;1969,68,40244.0;1969,64,25989.0;1969,13,74441.0;1969,221,118095.0;1969,238,179748.0;1969,84,115000.0;1969,255,55455.0;1969,61,25109.0;1969,60,31667.0;1969,80,46154.0;1969,355,117653.0;1969,273,65109.0;1969,462,60567.0;1969,463,60803.0;1969,464,265161.0;1969,465,126515.0;1969,466,87377.0;1969,290,183987.0;1969,450,81936.0;1969,477,245974.0;1969,436,109942.0;1969,295,178985.0;1969,275,89261.0;1969,467,148743.0;1969,470,141808.0;1969,471,63369.0;1969,472,108568.0;1969,276,359033.0;1969,475,359033.0;1969,277,108110.0;1969,34981,132686.0;1969,478,121703.0;1969,34752,44759.0;1969,479,43968.0;1969,318,357701.0;1969,454,65198.0;1969,34987,64339.0;1969,5398,109670.0;1969,34988,89296.0;1969,34989,91921.0;1969,246,27286.0;1969,19,83333.0;1969,20,12000.0;1969,21,331529.0;1969,23,132686.0;1969,26,102273.0;1969,27,100000.0;1969,28,172863.0;1969,29,98632.0;1969,31,134483.0;1969,32,50000.0;1969,194,170000.0;1969,34,240000.0;1969,37,176333.0;1969,196,120000.0;1969,38,14314.0;1969,41,60000.0;1969,18581,279849.0;1969,42,57987.0;1969,43,160000.0;1969,197,45000.0;1969,174,55789.0;1969,171,149129.0;1969,34845,114286.0;1969,34979,155610.0;1969,170,264407.0;1969,169,72059.0;1969,168,52000.0;1969,199,75000.0;1969,166,257212.0;1969,143,132457.0;1969,164,91774.0;1969,163,182800.0;1969,167,39019.0;1969,200,92308.0;1969,160,116985.0;1969,201,159390.0;1969,65,240741.0;1970,246,33829.0;1970,19,100000.0;1970,20,15000.0;1970,21,349125.0;1970,23,139139.0;1970,26,105660.0;1970,27,108333.0;1970,28,151362.0;1970,29,90909.0;1970,31,138462.0;1970,32,50000.0;1970,194,166176.0;1970,34,240568.0;1970,37,184564.0;1970,196,120000.0;1970,38,19167.0;1970,41,59850.0;1970,18581,280269.0;1970,42,57965.0;1970,43,172727.0;1970,197,50000.0;1970,174,56000.0;1970,171,120706.0;1970,34845,127692.0;1970,34979,118378.0;1970,170,267158.0;1970,169,71429.0;1970,168,50000.0;1970,199,84615.0;1970,166,294680.0;1970,143,137578.0;1970,164,414820.0;1970,163,291954.0;1970,167,39462.0;1970,200,86275.0;1970,160,121990.0;1970,201,150410.0;1970,65,216874.0;1970,159,38571.0;1970,34982,150000.0;1970,202,55000.0;1970,253,154545.0;1970,203,59444.0;1970,153,46154.0;1970,150,21169.0;1970,149,8365.0;1970,206,40000.0;1970,252,151807.0;1970,254,38378.0;1970,148,187192.0;1970,147,44737.0;1970,146,51576.0;1970,145,58182.0;1970,139,325158.0;1970,137,129033.0;1970,136,88557.0;1970,133,322105.0;1970,132,97500.0;1970,14,80000.0;1970,130,78846.0;1970,129,100000.0;1970,204,40441.0;1970,125,65957.0;1970,124,149036.0;1970,121,100000.0;1970,120,142857.0;1970,118,75018.0;1970,117,33077.0;1970,116,173333.0;1970,211,75000.0;1970,115,622222.0;1970,284,172043.0;1970,213,180750.0;1970,113,129728.0;1970,216,40000.0;1970,109,56617.0;1970,220,49333.0;1970,105,450000.0;1970,261,45455.0;1970,217,111111.0;1970,34984,51948.0;1970,101,97298.0;1970,100,470857.0;1970,99,125000.0;1970,98,268430.0;1970,96,44561.0;1970,95,250000.0;1970,93,175781.0;1970,245,96000.0;1970,229,101680.0;1970,230,94812.0;1970,239,41667.0;1970,232,36960.0;1970,89,133333.0;1970,233,147059.0;1970,86,15099.0;1970,195,42778.0;1970,82,286327.0;1970,81,104760.0;1970,9,379009.0;1970,5396,325000.0;1970,234,243262.0;1970,78,24587.0;1970,77,100000.0;1970,75,96000.0;1970,3897,296000.0;1970,74,110000.0;1970,287,43333.0;1970,235,26667.0;1970,73,58126.0;1970,70,126000.0;1970,68,23298.0;1970,64,26000.0;1970,13,82338.0;1970,221,118182.0;1970,238,180423.0;1970,84,113415.0;1970,255,55357.0;1970,61,25402.0;1970,60,32071.0;1970,80,46250.0;1970,355,116131.0;1970,273,59031.0;1970,462,52386.0;1970,463,66278.0;1970,464,254147.0;1970,465,101381.0;1970,466,80581.0;1970,290,185814.0;1970,450,90673.0;1970,477,245343.0;1970,436,105733.0;1970,295,180820.0;1970,275,92185.0;1970,467,120511.0;1970,470,131162.0;1970,471,74648.0;1970,472,114599.0;1970,276,322807.0;1970,475,322807.0;1970,277,107788.0;1970,34981,139139.0;1970,478,121058.0;1970,34752,44392.0;1970,479,40126.0;1970,318,322619.0;1970,454,57742.0;1970,34987,54763.0;1970,5398,105979.0;1970,34988,79011.0;1970,34989,83809.0;1971,454,61610.0;1971,34987,59992.0;1971,5398,108043.0;1971,34988,87821.0;1971,34989,90138.0;1971,246,30000.0;1971,19,100000.0;1971,20,11250.0;1971,21,345846.0;1971,23,140913.0;1971,26,109434.0;1971,27,108333.0;1971,28,156843.0;1971,29,75000.0;1971,31,136364.0;1971,32,47826.0;1971,194,166176.0;1971,34,245376.0;1971,37,187543.0;1971,196,120690.0;1971,38,19394.0;1971,41,61170.0;1971,18581,170631.0;1971,42,56490.0;1971,43,181818.0;1971,197,50000.0;1971,174,59000.0;1971,171,148407.0;1971,34845,126000.0;1971,34979,155826.0;1971,170,267833.0;1971,169,72857.0;1971,168,42500.0;1971,199,126667.0;1971,166,316456.0;1971,143,144902.0;1971,164,404493.0;1971,163,280230.0;1971,167,40316.0;1971,200,78000.0;1971,160,124498.0;1971,201,151502.0;1971,65,226137.0;1971,159,38056.0;1971,34982,150685.0;1971,202,54945.0;1971,253,177778.0;1971,203,57895.0;1971,153,46667.0;1971,150,20260.0;1971,149,7740.0;1971,206,31667.0;1971,252,174118.0;1971,254,41667.0;1971,148,180000.0;1971,147,44444.0;1971,146,53339.0;1971,145,58929.0;1971,139,332308.0;1971,137,150160.0;1971,136,78879.0;1971,133,296316.0;1971,132,93500.0;1971,14,80000.0;1971,130,87433.0;1971,129,100000.0;1971,204,40000.0;1971,125,67368.0;1971,124,158372.0;1971,121,100000.0;1971,120,100000.0;1971,118,73388.0;1971,117,34615.0;1971,116,147778.0;1971,211,75000.0;1971,115,622222.0;1971,284,193548.0;1971,213,222315.0;1971,113,137309.0;1971,216,50000.0;1971,109,59545.0;1971,220,49333.0;1971,105,375000.0;1971,261,45455.0;1971,217,119318.0;1971,34984,51948.0;1971,101,97834.0;1971,100,482238.0;1971,99,124188.0;1971,98,265075.0;1971,96,50902.0;1971,95,240741.0;1971,93,175385.0;1971,245,96000.0;1971,229,100000.0;1971,230,90853.0;1971,239,37791.0;1971,232,39620.0;1971,89,137143.0;1971,233,146154.0;1971,86,15049.0;1971,195,42162.0;1971,82,265961.0;1971,81,116221.0;1971,9,319474.0;1971,5396,311111.0;1971,234,274693.0;1971,78,66600.0;1971,77,100000.0;1971,75,96000.0;1971,3897,302000.0;1971,74,100000.0;1971,287,43333.0;1971,235,21026.0;1971,73,51852.0;1971,70,144613.0;1971,68,25830.0;1971,64,26087.0;1971,13,72765.0;1971,221,116667.0;1971,238,185096.0;1971,84,111905.0;1971,255,55263.0;1971,61,29030.0;1971,60,32133.0;1971,80,46914.0;1971,355,121737.0;1971,273,63456.0;1971,462,57010.0;1971,463,66900.0;1971,464,255750.0;1971,465,114510.0;1971,466,82169.0;1971,290,190400.0;1971,450,82477.0;1971,477,251795.0;1971,436,108677.0;1971,295,184145.0;1971,275,97505.0;1971,467,147984.0;1971,470,149329.0;1971,471,74722.0;1971,472,110480.0;1971,276,276125.0;1971,475,276125.0;1971,277,106439.0;1971,34981,140913.0;1971,478,120415.0;1971,34752,44157.0;1971,479,38185.0;1971,318,276146.0;1972,159,30556.0;1972,34982,149351.0;1972,202,57500.0;1972,253,177778.0;1972,203,60000.0;1972,153,46667.0;1972,150,20260.0;1972,149,7875.0;1972,206,30000.0;1972,252,193333.0;1972,254,47353.0;1972,148,176000.0;1972,147,45161.0;1972,146,55496.0;1972,145,60714.0;1972,139,330502.0;1972,137,145397.0;1972,136,55016.0;1972,133,230556.0;1972,132,94500.0;1972,14,80000.0;1972,130,130232.0;1972,129,100000.0;1972,204,40278.0;1972,125,66327.0;1972,124,159810.0;1972,121,100000.0;1972,120,150000.0;1972,118,70266.0;1972,117,34286.0;1972,116,186364.0;1972,211,80000.0;1972,115,622222.0;1972,284,247312.0;1972,213,227045.0;1972,113,147304.0;1972,216,40000.0;1972,109,60000.0;1972,220,50667.0;1972,105,508294.0;1972,261,45455.0;1972,217,119318.0;1972,34984,57143.0;1972,101,95785.0;1972,100,470665.0;1972,99,125000.0;1972,98,265804.0;1972,96,46094.0;1972,95,220000.0;1972,93,176308.0;1972,245,137143.0;1972,229,100000.0;1972,230,83000.0;1972,239,31429.0;1972,232,39520.0;1972,89,129436.0;1972,233,153846.0;1972,86,19802.0;1972,195,42703.0;1972,82,295918.0;1972,81,107011.0;1972,9,294609.0;1972,5396,305556.0;1972,234,216495.0;1972,78,64777.0;1972,77,100000.0;1972,75,96000.0;1972,3897,308500.0;1972,74,100000.0;1972,287,43333.0;1972,235,19459.0;1972,73,49107.0;1972,70,147059.0;1972,68,24019.0;1972,64,26000.0;1972,13,79485.0;1972,221,115385.0;1972,238,195474.0;1972,84,103261.0;1972,255,55172.0;1972,61,16791.0;1972,60,32328.0;1972,80,48193.0;1972,355,118217.0;1972,273,60567.0;1972,462,53548.0;1972,463,62515.0;1972,464,259052.0;1972,465,105572.0;1972,466,89425.0;1972,290,202632.0;1972,450,88554.0;1972,477,259720.0;1972,436,117777.0;1972,295,199093.0;1972,275,85759.0;1972,467,145840.0;1972,470,144876.0;1972,471,64240.0;1972,472,96578.0;1972,276,253567.0;1972,475,253567.0;1972,277,105988.0;1972,34981,141613.0;1972,478,121535.0;1972,34752,46190.0;1972,479,31712.0;1972,318,253711.0;1972,454,58139.0;1972,34987,54206.0;1972,5398,113660.0;1972,34988,84749.0;1972,34989,89047.0;1972,246,29787.0;1972,19,83333.0;1972,20,11111.0;1972,21,312700.0;1972,23,141613.0;1972,26,110902.0;1972,27,108333.0;1972,28,156026.0;1972,29,72727.0;1972,31,136364.0;1972,32,47826.0;1972,194,166176.0;1972,34,234694.0;1972,37,214938.0;1972,196,120690.0;1972,38,19608.0;1972,41,54805.0;1972,18581,172900.0;1972,42,56467.0;1972,43,181818.0;1972,197,50000.0;1972,174,59048.0;1972,171,146341.0;1972,34845,114000.0;1972,34979,160526.0;1972,170,266968.0;1972,169,72222.0;1972,168,47778.0;1972,199,66667.0;1972,166,316456.0;1972,143,163298.0;1972,164,322385.0;1972,163,280230.0;1972,167,39852.0;1972,200,76000.0;1972,160,136666.0;1972,201,151203.0;1972,65,233716.0;1973,246,32500.0;1973,19,100000.0;1973,20,13333.0;1973,21,320145.0;1973,23,121727.0;1973,26,112963.0;1973,27,108333.0;1973,28,157007.0;1973,29,70909.0;1973,31,133333.0;1973,32,50000.0;1973,194,166176.0;1973,34,239700.0;1973,37,118649.0;1973,196,120690.0;1973,38,20833.0;1973,41,62515.0;1973,18581,187600.0;1973,42,61333.0;1973,43,218182.0;1973,197,50000.0;1973,174,59091.0;1973,171,174605.0;1973,34845,123846.0;1973,34979,206917.0;1973,170,272727.0;1973,169,75000.0;1973,168,55556.0;1973,199,129630.0;1973,166,356631.0;1973,143,136300.0;1973,164,209211.0;1973,163,338621.0;1973,167,39490.0;1973,200,70000.0;1973,160,143907.0;1973,201,154158.0;1973,65,218567.0;1973,159,33333.0;1973,34982,150000.0;1973,202,56250.0;1973,253,100000.0;1973,203,60000.0;1973,153,46667.0;1973,150,21669.0;1973,149,6655.0;1973,206,30000.0;1973,252,240616.0;1973,254,74800.0;1973,148,171600.0;1973,147,45000.0;1973,146,73520.0;1973,145,60000.0;1973,139,399947.0;1973,137,142150.0;1973,136,59153.0;1973,133,204839.0;1973,132,84500.0;1973,14,80000.0;1973,130,44591.0;1973,129,100000.0;1973,204,40000.0;1973,125,66000.0;1973,124,163867.0;1973,121,100000.0;1973,118,81084.0;1973,117,34483.0;1973,116,243750.0;1973,211,66667.0;1973,115,600000.0;1973,284,211128.0;1973,213,227483.0;1973,113,159115.0;1973,216,41935.0;1973,109,60909.0;1973,220,49333.0;1973,105,571742.0;1973,261,45455.0;1973,217,133333.0;1973,34984,57143.0;1973,101,87297.0;1973,100,458904.0;1973,99,121667.0;1973,98,261500.0;1973,96,40590.0;1973,95,220000.0;1973,93,169922.0;1973,245,137143.0;1973,229,98000.0;1973,230,96547.0;1973,239,36667.0;1973,232,32650.0;1973,89,128962.0;1973,233,153846.0;1973,86,40136.0;1973,195,42973.0;1973,82,247500.0;1973,81,124075.0;1973,9,350543.0;1973,5396,272109.0;1973,234,226567.0;1973,78,80526.0;1973,77,111111.0;1973,75,100000.0;1973,3897,315000.0;1973,74,100000.0;1973,287,43333.0;1973,235,20606.0;1973,73,45349.0;1973,70,146898.0;1973,68,31000.0;1973,64,25965.0;1973,13,112097.0;1973,221,120000.0;1973,238,197065.0;1973,84,99583.0;1973,255,55932.0;1973,61,28246.0;1973,60,32085.0;1973,80,48235.0;1973,355,111471.0;1973,273,66791.0;1973,462,60696.0;1973,463,68839.0;1973,464,239386.0;1973,465,122674.0;1973,466,81482.0;1973,290,175249.0;1973,450,118206.0;1973,477,284734.0;1973,436,114159.0;1973,295,151860.0;1973,275,86155.0;1973,467,173902.0;1973,470,141733.0;1973,471,64857.0;1973,472,97945.0;1973,276,298156.0;1973,475,298156.0;1973,277,102651.0;1973,34981,121727.0;1973,478,118209.0;1973,34752,46440.0;1973,479,36931.0;1973,318,298373.0;1973,454,64148.0;1973,34987,63357.0;1973,5398,111532.0;1973,34988,88687.0;1973,34989,92589.0;1974,454,65946.0;1974,34987,63846.0;1974,5398,116386.0;1974,34988,90584.0;1974,34989,92268.0;1974,246,30000.0;1974,19,106667.0;1974,20,10667.0;1974,21,332833.0;1974,23,131018.0;1974,26,114679.0;1974,27,107143.0;1974,28,156155.0;1974,29,83333.0;1974,31,138462.0;1974,32,47917.0;1974,194,187500.0;1974,34,239000.0;1974,37,118298.0;1974,196,120690.0;1974,38,20833.0;1974,41,62105.0;1974,18581,194444.0;1974,42,60000.0;1974,43,216667.0;1974,197,50000.0;1974,174,60877.0;1974,171,172830.0;1974,34845,126154.0;1974,34979,211251.0;1974,170,307742.0;1974,169,74324.0;1974,168,50002.0;1974,199,93264.0;1974,166,318428.0;1974,143,159865.0;1974,164,250593.0;1974,163,256897.0;1974,167,39910.0;1974,200,72000.0;1974,160,143907.0;1974,201,176336.0;1974,65,238044.0;1974,159,27778.0;1974,34982,148810.0;1974,202,53750.0;1974,253,100000.0;1974,203,63000.0;1974,153,51333.0;1974,150,16531.0;1974,149,6640.0;1974,206,28889.0;1974,252,249075.0;1974,254,83200.0;1974,148,175960.0;1974,147,45000.0;1974,146,69785.0;1974,145,63333.0;1974,139,423585.0;1974,137,139205.0;1974,136,64464.0;1974,133,177368.0;1974,132,66000.0;1974,14,80000.0;1974,130,99138.0;1974,129,100000.0;1974,204,39744.0;1974,125,67000.0;1974,124,189921.0;1974,121,104839.0;1974,118,105863.0;1974,117,35333.0;1974,116,204762.0;1974,211,66667.0;1974,115,600000.0;1974,284,247312.0;1974,213,228455.0;1974,113,155619.0;1974,216,43750.0;1974,109,61818.0;1974,220,48649.0;1974,105,648116.0;1974,261,45455.0;1974,217,118182.0;1974,34984,57143.0;1974,101,88472.0;1974,100,465100.0;1974,99,136086.0;1974,98,264180.0;1974,96,58649.0;1974,95,240000.0;1974,93,169615.0;1974,245,137143.0;1974,229,100000.0;1974,230,78367.0;1974,239,44000.0;1974,232,40000.0;1974,89,134150.0;1974,233,161538.0;1974,86,39935.0;1974,195,43243.0;1974,82,250000.0;1974,81,112948.0;1974,9,309070.0;1974,5396,300000.0;1974,234,207356.0;1974,78,63000.0;1974,77,111111.0;1974,75,104000.0;1974,3897,308333.0;1974,74,100000.0;1974,287,43333.0;1974,235,21875.0;1974,73,46636.0;1974,70,167611.0;1974,68,32000.0;1974,64,26066.0;1974,13,121215.0;1974,221,120000.0;1974,238,200906.0;1974,84,94340.0;1974,255,56667.0;1974,61,28559.0;1974,60,32128.0;1974,80,49412.0;1974,355,116294.0;1974,273,69206.0;1974,462,62922.0;1974,463,71062.0;1974,464,259795.0;1974,465,112129.0;1974,466,87892.0;1974,290,178335.0;1974,450,128817.0;1974,477,274866.0;1974,436,116075.0;1974,295,160028.0;1974,275,93841.0;1974,467,172030.0;1974,470,139016.0;1974,471,74583.0;1974,472,102012.0;1974,276,266580.0;1974,475,266580.0;1974,277,115938.0;1974,34981,131018.0;1974,478,132105.0;1974,34752,46286.0;1974,479,41460.0;1974,318,266528.0;1975,159,25000.0;1975,34982,151163.0;1975,202,56250.0;1975,253,100000.0;1975,203,65000.0;1975,153,53333.0;1975,150,17000.0;1975,149,7545.0;1975,206,30000.0;1975,252,242343.0;1975,254,140000.0;1975,148,178095.0;1975,147,45000.0;1975,146,69785.0;1975,145,61667.0;1975,139,212414.0;1975,137,147321.0;1975,136,59448.0;1975,133,307059.0;1975,132,63500.0;1975,14,80000.0;1975,130,158575.0;1975,129,58450.0;1975,204,39506.0;1975,125,66667.0;1975,124,172000.0;1975,121,103077.0;1975,118,106113.0;1975,117,36774.0;1975,116,210000.0;1975,211,75000.0;1975,115,600000.0;1975,284,221753.0;1975,213,98196.0;1975,113,159643.0;1975,216,45455.0;1975,109,54545.0;1975,220,48611.0;1975,105,671341.0;1975,261,45455.0;1975,217,116667.0;1975,34984,59740.0;1975,101,89840.0;1975,100,460189.0;1975,99,120588.0;1975,98,264067.0;1975,96,88527.0;1975,95,225570.0;1975,93,156500.0;1975,245,128617.0;1975,229,120633.0;1975,230,64923.0;1975,239,55000.0;1975,232,43620.0;1975,89,134111.0;1975,233,166154.0;1975,86,42333.0;1975,195,44324.0;1975,82,170968.0;1975,81,115292.0;1975,9,286508.0;1975,5396,304348.0;1975,234,221000.0;1975,78,82328.0;1975,77,100000.0;1975,75,104000.0;1975,3897,307692.0;1975,74,100000.0;1975,287,43333.0;1975,235,23871.0;1975,73,44832.0;1975,70,170040.0;1975,68,33000.0;1975,64,26000.0;1975,13,110275.0;1975,221,120000.0;1975,238,191437.0;1975,84,96000.0;1975,255,58333.0;1975,61,28871.0;1975,60,31969.0;1975,80,50000.0;1975,355,117693.0;1975,273,65002.0;1975,462,58378.0;1975,463,67048.0;1975,464,247923.0;1975,465,114848.0;1975,466,85832.0;1975,290,180057.0;1975,450,123275.0;1975,477,239808.0;1975,436,113580.0;1975,295,172556.0;1975,275,100711.0;1975,467,157587.0;1975,470,145498.0;1975,471,82133.0;1975,472,115700.0;1975,276,246901.0;1975,475,246901.0;1975,277,109372.0;1975,34981,137207.0;1975,478,117621.0;1975,34752,47190.0;1975,479,47860.0;1975,318,246478.0;1975,454,64063.0;1975,34987,63102.0;1975,5398,112266.0;1975,34988,89646.0;1975,34989,81863.0;1975,246,27500.0;1975,19,83333.0;1975,20,12000.0;1975,21,339909.0;1975,23,137207.0;1975,26,116788.0;1975,27,107143.0;1975,28,155416.0;1975,29,81111.0;1975,31,133333.0;1975,32,47917.0;1975,194,226875.0;1975,34,215815.0;1975,37,120590.0;1975,196,120000.0;1975,38,20000.0;1975,41,63140.0;1975,18581,187500.0;1975,42,57143.0;1975,43,200000.0;1975,197,50000.0;1975,174,60870.0;1975,171,158437.0;1975,34845,137500.0;1975,34979,181653.0;1975,170,394737.0;1975,169,72365.0;1975,168,49998.0;1975,199,121000.0;1975,166,304677.0;1975,143,147904.0;1975,164,292536.0;1975,163,197164.0;1975,167,39695.0;1975,200,73388.0;1975,160,145571.0;1975,201,231597.0;1975,65,222178.0;1976,246,28571.0;1976,19,100000.0;1976,20,11500.0;1976,21,326471.0;1976,23,150157.0;1976,26,120000.0;1976,27,107143.0;1976,28,155989.0;1976,29,81111.0;1976,31,147059.0;1976,32,50000.0;1976,194,209231.0;1976,34,168650.0;1976,37,145414.0;1976,196,120000.0;1976,38,20000.0;1976,41,63140.0;1976,18581,195652.0;1976,42,58667.0;1976,43,218750.0;1976,197,50000.0;1976,174,61017.0;1976,171,186637.0;1976,34845,160000.0;1976,34979,191414.0;1976,170,320242.0;1976,169,72495.0;1976,168,50000.0;1976,199,55000.0;1976,166,282204.0;1976,143,113223.0;1976,164,266818.0;1976,163,242612.0;1976,167,39552.0;1976,200,79141.0;1976,160,151310.0;1976,201,239602.0;1976,65,216808.0;1976,159,27778.0;1976,34982,150562.0;1976,202,56250.0;1976,253,50000.0;1976,203,68000.0;1976,153,53333.0;1976,150,18000.0;1976,149,9278.0;1976,206,35000.0;1976,252,232691.0;1976,254,176000.0;1976,148,180400.0;1976,147,45000.0;1976,146,68033.0;1976,145,61290.0;1976,139,290260.0;1976,137,152897.0;1976,136,69348.0;1976,133,363291.0;1976,132,70000.0;1976,14,80000.0;1976,130,102933.0;1976,129,57000.0;1976,204,39286.0;1976,125,69000.0;1976,124,150000.0;1976,121,106154.0;1976,118,75436.0;1976,117,37500.0;1976,116,197826.0;1976,211,75000.0;1976,115,618182.0;1976,284,269291.0;1976,213,214815.0;1976,113,163427.0;1976,216,45161.0;1976,109,59091.0;1976,220,48000.0;1976,105,669588.0;1976,261,45455.0;1976,217,119231.0;1976,34984,59740.0;1976,101,94150.0;1976,100,464837.0;1976,99,130058.0;1976,98,268000.0;1976,96,73666.0;1976,95,232020.0;1976,93,170455.0;1976,245,128723.0;1976,229,119290.0;1976,230,71409.0;1976,239,57500.0;1976,232,45000.0;1976,89,133333.0;1976,233,176923.0;1976,86,48830.0;1976,195,45946.0;1976,82,182264.0;1976,81,109343.0;1976,9,269680.0;1976,5396,300000.0;1976,234,246992.0;1976,78,83333.0;1976,77,116667.0;1976,75,112000.0;1976,3897,315385.0;1976,74,100000.0;1976,287,43333.0;1976,235,21481.0;1976,73,45283.0;1976,70,105789.0;1976,68,34000.0;1976,64,25906.0;1976,13,101480.0;1976,221,120000.0;1976,238,189075.0;1976,84,101852.0;1976,255,58333.0;1976,61,29342.0;1976,60,32000.0;1976,80,50000.0;1976,355,123007.0;1976,273,62761.0;1976,462,54851.0;1976,463,72975.0;1976,464,240885.0;1976,465,108958.0;1976,466,76901.0;1976,290,191300.0;1976,450,112731.0;1976,477,251273.0;1976,436,119906.0;1976,295,184864.0;1976,275,106285.0;1976,467,184647.0;1976,470,150801.0;1976,471,85678.0;1976,472,109485.0;1976,276,229453.0;1976,475,229453.0;1976,277,117750.0;1976,34981,150157.0;1976,478,126585.0;1976,34752,46244.0;1976,479,48721.0;1976,318,229564.0;1976,454,62172.0;1976,34987,62706.0;1976,5398,119243.0;1976,34988,89464.0;1976,34989,82941.0;1977,454,62119.0;1977,34987,64324.0;1977,5398,117771.0;1977,34988,92939.0;1977,34989,85221.0;1977,246,28571.0;1977,19,93333.0;1977,20,12222.0;1977,21,242611.0;1977,23,172274.0;1977,26,121818.0;1977,27,111200.0;1977,28,155221.0;1977,29,82222.0;1977,31,149485.0;1977,32,50000.0;1977,194,227000.0;1977,34,136074.0;1977,37,126507.0;1977,196,119355.0;1977,38,25000.0;1977,41,66000.0;1977,18581,226667.0;1977,42,57500.0;1977,43,222222.0;1977,197,55000.0;1977,174,61157.0;1977,171,217363.0;1977,34845,140000.0;1977,34979,239379.0;1977,170,304348.0;1977,169,74670.0;1977,168,49996.0;1977,199,11192.0;1977,166,303971.0;1977,143,125899.0;1977,164,217435.0;1977,163,288134.0;1977,167,39140.0;1977,200,72716.0;1977,160,149571.0;1977,201,243753.0;1977,65,241582.0;1977,159,29167.0;1977,34982,150562.0;1977,202,60000.0;1977,253,50000.0;1977,203,70000.0;1977,153,53333.0;1977,150,13333.0;1977,149,8449.0;1977,206,31667.0;1977,252,194393.0;1977,254,266000.0;1977,148,187500.0;1977,147,45000.0;1977,146,68356.0;1977,145,61905.0;1977,139,325014.0;1977,137,157958.0;1977,136,110416.0;1977,133,400649.0;1977,132,80000.0;1977,14,88235.0;1977,130,207059.0;1977,129,60000.0;1977,204,40000.0;1977,125,66667.0;1977,124,133333.0;1977,121,107576.0;1977,118,75093.0;1977,117,38788.0;1977,116,196507.0;1977,211,69231.0;1977,115,600000.0;1977,284,290000.0;1977,213,221813.0;1977,113,188544.0;1977,216,41935.0;1977,109,61818.0;1977,220,47436.0;1977,105,661638.0;1977,261,45455.0;1977,217,117857.0;1977,34984,59740.0;1977,101,85968.0;1977,100,478006.0;1977,99,125000.0;1977,98,265308.0;1977,96,85955.0;1977,95,255140.0;1977,93,174286.0;1977,245,97500.0;1977,229,100358.0;1977,230,69951.0;1977,239,57143.0;1977,232,46000.0;1977,89,142857.0;1977,233,184615.0;1977,86,25009.0;1977,195,47568.0;1977,82,137885.0;1977,81,111955.0;1977,9,322459.0;1977,5396,300000.0;1977,234,182279.0;1977,78,83333.0;1977,77,111111.0;1977,75,120000.0;1977,3897,291667.0;1977,74,102273.0;1977,287,43333.0;1977,235,26748.0;1977,73,46226.0;1977,70,169231.0;1977,68,35000.0;1977,64,25958.0;1977,13,117982.0;1977,221,120000.0;1977,238,187865.0;1977,84,107143.0;1977,255,58333.0;1977,61,30769.0;1977,60,31722.0;1977,80,49474.0;1977,355,127616.0;1977,273,64056.0;1977,462,55437.0;1977,463,73542.0;1977,464,257688.0;1977,465,111532.0;1977,466,83293.0;1977,290,184332.0;1977,450,126955.0;1977,477,275842.0;1977,436,120206.0;1977,295,167598.0;1977,275,120652.0;1977,467,215762.0;1977,470,154383.0;1977,471,102754.0;1977,472,121366.0;1977,276,249787.0;1977,475,249787.0;1977,277,117466.0;1977,34981,172274.0;1977,478,121744.0;1977,34752,47040.0;1977,479,47760.0;1977,318,250089.0;1978,159,29167.0;1978,34982,150000.0;1978,202,60000.0;1978,253,50000.0;1978,203,70000.0;1978,153,53333.0;1978,150,20000.0;1978,149,9994.0;1978,206,33604.0;1978,252,233227.0;1978,254,172000.0;1978,148,186000.0;1978,147,45000.0;1978,146,88571.0;1978,145,61905.0;1978,139,320637.0;1978,137,169929.0;1978,136,73298.0;1978,133,327439.0;1978,132,80000.0;1978,14,88235.0;1978,130,177750.0;1978,129,60000.0;1978,204,40936.0;1978,125,61176.0;1978,124,108696.0;1978,121,108955.0;1978,118,71027.0;1978,117,39412.0;1978,116,212560.0;1978,211,76923.0;1978,115,600000.0;1978,284,305000.0;1978,213,217447.0;1978,113,193704.0;1978,216,41935.0;1978,109,59091.0;1978,220,46914.0;1978,105,679654.0;1978,261,45455.0;1978,217,120000.0;1978,34984,59740.0;1978,101,85897.0;1978,100,491390.0;1978,99,127907.0;1978,98,267768.0;1978,96,117480.0;1978,95,214717.0;1978,93,174286.0;1978,245,132500.0;1978,229,101374.0;1978,230,70935.0;1978,239,57143.0;1978,232,47000.0;1978,89,142857.0;1978,233,191176.0;1978,86,32558.0;1978,195,48649.0;1978,82,134038.0;1978,81,120918.0;1978,9,301654.0;1978,5396,289474.0;1978,234,254819.0;1978,78,83333.0;1978,77,70000.0;1978,75,116000.0;1978,3897,310000.0;1978,74,101481.0;1978,287,43333.0;1978,235,19091.0;1978,73,47170.0;1978,70,164286.0;1978,68,36000.0;1978,72,88791.0;1978,64,26064.0;1978,13,112609.0;1978,221,120000.0;1978,238,193072.0;1978,84,115517.0;1978,255,58904.0;1978,61,30597.0;1978,60,32231.0;1978,80,51579.0;1978,355,131162.0;1978,273,63030.0;1978,462,52298.0;1978,463,75425.0;1978,464,228022.0;1978,465,120394.0;1978,466,92271.0;1978,290,193304.0;1978,450,124400.0;1978,477,296935.0;1978,436,123534.0;1978,295,173450.0;1978,275,125486.0;1978,467,181866.0;1978,470,164281.0;1978,471,106638.0;1978,472,105929.0;1978,276,239202.0;1978,475,239202.0;1978,277,117445.0;1978,34981,159089.0;1978,478,124449.0;1978,34752,47277.0;1978,479,47787.0;1978,318,237703.0;1978,454,59989.0;1978,34987,59517.0;1978,5398,121613.0;1978,34988,95483.0;1978,34989,84698.0;1978,246,28571.0;1978,19,100000.0;1978,20,116000.0;1978,21,142683.0;1978,23,159089.0;1978,26,135009.0;1978,27,120000.0;1978,28,156079.0;1978,29,83333.0;1978,31,150000.0;1978,32,50000.0;1978,194,260000.0;1978,34,91599.0;1978,37,131795.0;1978,196,115625.0;1978,38,33333.0;1978,41,59053.0;1978,18581,257143.0;1978,42,55714.0;1978,43,210280.0;1978,197,60000.0;1978,174,61290.0;1978,171,182956.0;1978,34845,170000.0;1978,34979,189705.0;1978,170,346535.0;1978,169,74798.0;1978,168,60976.0;1978,199,18653.0;1978,166,469206.0;1978,143,151364.0;1978,164,203809.0;1978,163,134291.0;1978,167,37129.0;1978,200,80643.0;1978,160,150285.0;1978,201,280000.0;1978,65,206735.0;1979,246,28571.0;1979,19,100000.0;1979,20,126667.0;1979,21,187013.0;1979,23,164484.0;1979,26,135273.0;1979,27,120000.0;1979,28,157871.0;1979,29,83333.0;1979,31,161538.0;1979,32,50000.0;1979,194,272381.0;1979,34,89551.0;1979,37,123738.0;1979,196,115152.0;1979,38,31250.0;1979,41,59240.0;1979,18581,214286.0;1979,42,55000.0;1979,43,210084.0;1979,197,52500.0;1979,174,60630.0;1979,171,203389.0;1979,34845,151939.0;1979,34979,228828.0;1979,170,354949.0;1979,169,76190.0;1979,168,77143.0;1979,199,21606.0;1979,166,456417.0;1979,143,129512.0;1979,164,144406.0;1979,163,155480.0;1979,167,40000.0;1979,200,60995.0;1979,160,137300.0;1979,201,300762.0;1979,65,195913.0;1979,159,29167.0;1979,34982,150000.0;1979,202,66667.0;1979,253,50000.0;1979,203,70000.0;1979,153,53333.0;1979,150,17500.0;1979,149,10288.0;1979,206,33611.0;1979,252,158186.0;1979,254,250000.0;1979,148,190000.0;1979,147,45000.0;1979,146,70000.0;1979,145,59040.0;1979,139,450711.0;1979,137,155740.0;1979,136,83855.0;1979,133,358235.0;1979,132,85000.0;1979,14,86957.0;1979,130,221607.0;1979,129,125000.0;1979,204,41860.0;1979,125,72222.0;1979,124,85714.0;1979,121,105882.0;1979,118,79403.0;1979,117,40000.0;1979,116,204545.0;1979,211,76923.0;1979,115,600000.0;1979,284,198176.0;1979,213,228185.0;1979,113,193206.0;1979,216,40000.0;1979,110,166667.0;1979,109,59091.0;1979,220,51429.0;1979,105,597848.0;1979,261,45455.0;1979,217,118750.0;1979,34984,59740.0;1979,101,88239.0;1979,100,494633.0;1979,99,125727.0;1979,98,252941.0;1979,96,125880.0;1979,95,191075.0;1979,93,173822.0;1979,245,50000.0;1979,229,105620.0;1979,230,69732.0;1979,239,57143.0;1979,232,49000.0;1979,89,157143.0;1979,233,176471.0;1979,86,32432.0;1979,195,50270.0;1979,82,124483.0;1979,81,132130.0;1979,9,300735.0;1979,5396,282353.0;1979,234,185466.0;1979,78,83333.0;1979,77,55000.0;1979,75,120000.0;1979,3897,294545.0;1979,74,102222.0;1979,287,46667.0;1979,235,20000.0;1979,73,47170.0;1979,70,156667.0;1979,68,35294.0;1979,72,87684.0;1979,64,26071.0;1979,13,101600.0;1979,221,120000.0;1979,238,192861.0;1979,84,132123.0;1979,255,58904.0;1979,61,34733.0;1979,60,32583.0;1979,80,52000.0;1979,355,131322.0;1979,273,68979.0;1979,462,61277.0;1979,463,78812.0;1979,464,214874.0;1979,465,131427.0;1979,466,82876.0;1979,290,189942.0;1979,450,114834.0;1979,477,325421.0;1979,436,104200.0;1979,295,167670.0;1979,275,128022.0;1979,467,202492.0;1979,470,153038.0;1979,471,115527.0;1979,472,108949.0;1979,276,231991.0;1979,475,231991.0;1979,277,116957.0;1979,34981,164484.0;1979,478,122929.0;1979,34752,48361.0;1979,479,46332.0;1979,318,230865.0;1979,454,60541.0;1979,34987,58351.0;1979,5398,106840.0;1979,34988,94811.0;1979,34989,90093.0;1980,454,58021.0;1980,34987,52654.0;1980,5398,101876.0;1980,34988,92503.0;1980,34989,86187.0;1980,246,28571.0;1980,19,93333.0;1980,20,140000.0;1980,21,228438.0;1980,23,176006.0;1980,26,136000.0;1980,27,120000.0;1980,28,162109.0;1980,29,83516.0;1980,31,158400.0;1980,32,50000.0;1980,194,250000.0;1980,34,89338.0;1980,37,125505.0;1980,196,114706.0;1980,38,41971.0;1980,41,49864.0;1980,18581,189189.0;1980,42,54167.0;1980,43,209924.0;1980,197,58333.0;1980,174,59690.0;1980,171,193176.0;1980,34845,122600.0;1980,34979,231251.0;1980,170,432773.0;1980,169,76190.0;1980,168,92219.0;1980,199,96000.0;1980,166,428905.0;1980,143,130926.0;1980,164,138368.0;1980,163,121677.0;1980,167,40000.0;1980,200,65739.0;1980,160,143095.0;1980,201,321939.0;1980,65,211345.0;1980,159,29167.0;1980,34982,149485.0;1980,202,66667.0;1980,253,50000.0;1980,203,70000.0;1980,153,53333.0;1980,150,17857.0;1980,149,12275.0;1980,206,25886.0;1980,252,114075.0;1980,254,290000.0;1980,148,187083.0;1980,147,44966.0;1980,146,70000.0;1980,145,60870.0;1980,139,366754.0;1980,137,149468.0;1980,136,125262.0;1980,135,100000.0;1980,133,433526.0;1980,132,70000.0;1980,14,86957.0;1980,130,165707.0;1980,129,125000.0;1980,204,42775.0;1980,125,72727.0;1980,124,110000.0;1980,121,107246.0;1980,118,77370.0;1980,117,41143.0;1980,116,189936.0;1980,211,66667.0;1980,115,600000.0;1980,284,123476.0;1980,213,102941.0;1980,113,196033.0;1980,216,41935.0;1980,110,171429.0;1980,109,59091.0;1980,220,54286.0;1980,105,526870.0;1980,261,46364.0;1980,217,117647.0;1980,34984,59740.0;1980,101,88317.0;1980,100,470259.0;1980,99,132370.0;1980,98,250000.0;1980,96,128894.0;1980,95,268064.0;1980,93,190752.0;1980,245,50000.0;1980,229,94308.0;1980,230,70966.0;1980,239,57143.0;1980,232,52000.0;1980,89,157143.0;1980,233,185714.0;1980,86,32258.0;1980,195,50000.0;1980,82,232308.0;1980,81,119944.0;1980,9,354627.0;1980,5396,315754.0;1980,234,241391.0;1980,78,83333.0;1980,77,50000.0;1980,75,119231.0;1980,3897,301818.0;1980,74,102190.0;1980,287,35000.0;1980,235,11065.0;1980,73,46789.0;1980,70,187500.0;1980,68,36176.0;1980,72,84762.0;1980,64,25965.0;1980,13,90870.0;1980,221,120000.0;1980,238,186981.0;1980,84,133140.0;1980,255,58904.0;1980,61,34711.0;1980,60,31250.0;1980,80,51429.0;1980,355,133467.0;1980,273,66668.0;1980,462,57533.0;1980,463,79152.0;1980,464,230904.0;1980,465,119478.0;1980,466,86617.0;1980,290,188048.0;1980,450,103600.0;1980,477,298709.0;1980,436,95139.0;1980,295,171493.0;1980,275,134880.0;1980,467,192326.0;1980,470,148285.0;1980,471,127459.0;1980,472,121542.0;1980,276,314321.0;1980,475,314321.0;1980,277,122219.0;1980,34981,176006.0;1980,478,129275.0;1980,34752,48579.0;1980,479,44388.0;1980,318,310441.0;1981,159,30556.0;1981,34982,150515.0;1981,202,69333.0;1981,253,50000.0;1981,203,70000.0;1981,153,53333.0;1981,150,16818.0;1981,149,10660.0;1981,206,25003.0;1981,252,148191.0;1981,254,266667.0;1981,148,192308.0;1981,147,44971.0;1981,146,71286.0;1981,145,65714.0;1981,139,347477.0;1981,137,157442.0;1981,136,116934.0;1981,135,100000.0;1981,133,369663.0;1981,132,75000.0;1981,14,83421.0;1981,130,187923.0;1981,129,125000.0;1981,204,43103.0;1981,125,75000.0;1981,124,105839.0;1981,121,107143.0;1981,118,81604.0;1981,117,42045.0;1981,116,183230.0;1981,211,73333.0;1981,115,600000.0;1981,284,259074.0;1981,213,213780.0;1981,113,178286.0;1981,216,45161.0;1981,110,175000.0;1981,109,63636.0;1981,220,26667.0;1981,105,446801.0;1981,261,47273.0;1981,217,122222.0;1981,34984,59740.0;1981,101,86367.0;1981,100,464540.0;1981,99,126630.0;1981,98,250000.0;1981,96,128149.0;1981,95,266612.0;1981,93,191328.0;1981,245,38557.0;1981,229,118835.0;1981,230,66440.0;1981,239,62857.0;1981,232,56000.0;1981,89,157895.0;1981,233,192857.0;1981,86,32321.0;1981,195,52632.0;1981,82,203448.0;1981,81,118452.0;1981,9,363731.0;1981,5396,321866.0;1981,234,230547.0;1981,78,83333.0;1981,77,50000.0;1981,75,123077.0;1981,3897,295556.0;1981,74,107143.0;1981,287,35000.0;1981,235,10950.0;1981,73,49524.0;1981,70,187500.0;1981,68,36275.0;1981,72,67857.0;1981,64,26087.0;1981,13,104615.0;1981,221,123636.0;1981,238,194932.0;1981,84,123288.0;1981,255,58904.0;1981,61,34848.0;1981,60,31250.0;1981,80,50909.0;1981,355,135574.0;1981,273,74305.0;1981,462,67508.0;1981,463,80049.0;1981,464,221064.0;1981,465,118019.0;1981,466,86703.0;1981,290,184789.0;1981,450,115108.0;1981,477,286245.0;1981,436,113503.0;1981,295,165982.0;1981,275,134808.0;1981,467,174671.0;1981,470,154777.0;1981,471,124591.0;1981,472,120131.0;1981,276,305333.0;1981,475,305333.0;1981,277,115727.0;1981,34981,163542.0;1981,478,123483.0;1981,34752,49247.0;1981,479,43460.0;1981,318,301242.0;1981,454,65596.0;1981,34987,65171.0;1981,5398,113241.0;1981,34988,100702.0;1981,34989,93856.0;1981,246,28571.0;1981,19,91667.0;1981,20,142778.0;1981,21,280306.0;1981,23,163542.0;1981,26,135135.0;1981,27,120000.0;1981,28,161344.0;1981,29,84444.0;1981,31,160920.0;1981,32,50000.0;1981,194,266667.0;1981,34,91812.0;1981,37,119958.0;1981,196,114286.0;1981,38,38889.0;1981,41,74774.0;1981,18581,162162.0;1981,42,53846.0;1981,43,210011.0;1981,197,60000.0;1981,174,60000.0;1981,171,175257.0;1981,34845,140000.0;1981,34979,211468.0;1981,170,502081.0;1981,169,74419.0;1981,168,83784.0;1981,199,120000.0;1981,166,427050.0;1981,143,151144.0;1981,164,175622.0;1981,163,126683.0;1981,167,40045.0;1981,200,117507.0;1981,160,152381.0;1981,201,314044.0;1981,65,198351.0;1982,246,31429.0;1982,19,91667.0;1982,20,140889.0;1982,21,267976.0;1982,23,171156.0;1982,26,135714.0;1982,27,120000.0;1982,28,163375.0;1982,29,85556.0;1982,31,161364.0;1982,32,52000.0;1982,194,262500.0;1982,34,92657.0;1982,37,119437.0;1982,196,112500.0;1982,38,42000.0;1982,41,55455.0;1982,18581,187500.0;1982,42,53571.0;1982,43,210016.0;1982,197,52857.0;1982,174,60000.0;1982,171,186570.0;1982,34845,154615.0;1982,34979,234588.0;1982,170,528387.0;1982,169,68750.0;1982,168,79860.0;1982,199,96000.0;1982,166,420945.0;1982,143,156433.0;1982,164,172862.0;1982,163,159133.0;1982,167,40000.0;1982,200,118077.0;1982,160,152381.0;1982,201,307457.0;1982,65,232394.0;1982,159,29730.0;1982,34982,150515.0;1982,202,69333.0;1982,253,50000.0;1982,203,70000.0;1982,153,53333.0;1982,150,17407.0;1982,149,10527.0;1982,206,25038.0;1982,252,192486.0;1982,254,181667.0;1982,148,211429.0;1982,147,44976.0;1982,146,71286.0;1982,145,65714.0;1982,139,426246.0;1982,137,148168.0;1982,136,106583.0;1982,135,216667.0;1982,133,406667.0;1982,132,80000.0;1982,14,112871.0;1982,130,164619.0;1982,129,125000.0;1982,204,43429.0;1982,125,76923.0;1982,124,109489.0;1982,121,108451.0;1982,118,80664.0;1982,117,42938.0;1982,116,191633.0;1982,211,76667.0;1982,115,600000.0;1982,284,272710.0;1982,213,197385.0;1982,113,224966.0;1982,216,45161.0;1982,110,177778.0;1982,109,63636.0;1982,220,20933.0;1982,105,460627.0;1982,261,48182.0;1982,217,157106.0;1982,34984,59740.0;1982,101,88645.0;1982,100,449761.0;1982,99,126533.0;1982,98,230769.0;1982,96,122746.0;1982,95,268000.0;1982,93,188947.0;1982,245,46804.0;1982,229,119943.0;1982,230,70556.0;1982,239,62857.0;1982,232,60000.0;1982,89,157895.0;1982,233,184286.0;1982,86,32800.0;1982,195,56842.0;1982,82,281071.0;1982,81,142931.0;1982,9,339701.0;1982,5396,309379.0;1982,234,253583.0;1982,78,83333.0;1982,77,110000.0;1982,75,119231.0;1982,3897,285714.0;1982,74,107143.0;1982,287,30000.0;1982,235,8640.0;1982,73,50476.0;1982,70,187500.0;1982,68,39216.0;1982,72,39000.0;1982,64,25997.0;1982,13,90690.0;1982,221,125000.0;1982,238,195431.0;1982,84,128378.0;1982,255,58904.0;1982,61,39683.0;1982,60,31250.0;1982,80,50000.0;1982,355,133019.0;1982,273,70204.0;1982,462,61152.0;1982,463,81078.0;1982,464,245916.0;1982,465,142187.0;1982,466,84752.0;1982,290,191324.0;1982,450,99673.0;1982,477,317116.0;1982,436,118548.0;1982,295,165368.0;1982,275,129348.0;1982,467,186227.0;1982,470,147402.0;1982,471,119558.0;1982,472,135134.0;1982,276,278730.0;1982,475,278730.0;1982,277,120476.0;1982,34981,171156.0;1982,478,123363.0;1982,34752,49044.0;1982,479,53034.0;1982,318,275982.0;1982,454,61215.0;1982,34987,56025.0;1982,5398,117514.0;1982,34988,93713.0;1982,34989,90610.0;1983,454,60428.0;1983,34987,54204.0;1983,5398,114810.0;1983,34988,97110.0;1983,34989,88200.0;1983,246,31429.0;1983,19,93333.0;1983,20,94000.0;1983,21,271183.0;1983,23,179094.0;1983,26,136283.0;1983,27,120000.0;1983,28,160875.0;1983,29,85556.0;1983,31,166667.0;1983,32,52000.0;1983,194,253333.0;1983,34,87086.0;1983,37,114822.0;1983,196,107895.0;1983,38,42486.0;1983,41,52727.0;1983,18581,187500.0;1983,42,54667.0;1983,43,250000.0;1983,197,54000.0;1983,174,57143.0;1983,171,182096.0;1983,34845,155143.0;1983,34979,222865.0;1983,170,428102.0;1983,169,68000.0;1983,168,80044.0;1983,199,50000.0;1983,166,465006.0;1983,143,164955.0;1983,164,160989.0;1983,163,149626.0;1983,167,40000.0;1983,200,108609.0;1983,160,152381.0;1983,201,276881.0;1983,65,223545.0;1983,159,32432.0;1983,34982,150000.0;1983,202,68750.0;1983,253,50000.0;1983,203,58824.0;1983,153,53333.0;1983,150,17647.0;1983,149,10637.0;1983,206,25122.0;1983,252,163584.0;1983,254,162500.0;1983,148,180417.0;1983,147,44961.0;1983,146,71429.0;1983,145,65714.0;1983,139,413735.0;1983,137,164288.0;1983,136,104418.0;1983,135,147500.0;1983,133,367403.0;1983,132,80000.0;1983,14,78020.0;1983,130,163507.0;1983,129,125000.0;1983,204,43750.0;1983,125,78571.0;1983,124,150000.0;1983,121,108333.0;1983,118,79778.0;1983,117,43820.0;1983,116,231341.0;1983,211,80000.0;1983,115,616667.0;1983,284,258507.0;1983,213,216361.0;1983,113,225661.0;1983,216,45161.0;1983,110,180000.0;1983,109,63636.0;1983,220,20833.0;1983,105,384511.0;1983,261,49091.0;1983,217,175789.0;1983,34984,51948.0;1983,101,87634.0;1983,100,454393.0;1983,99,126404.0;1983,98,232143.0;1983,96,113038.0;1983,95,276200.0;1983,93,183215.0;1983,245,52697.0;1983,229,140776.0;1983,230,87303.0;1983,239,62857.0;1983,232,52000.0;1983,89,157895.0;1983,233,173333.0;1983,86,32727.0;1983,195,57895.0;1983,82,317500.0;1983,81,126312.0;1983,9,347328.0;1983,5396,305556.0;1983,234,224665.0;1983,78,83333.0;1983,77,100000.0;1983,75,117692.0;1983,3897,333333.0;1983,74,106897.0;1983,287,35000.0;1983,235,18150.0;1983,73,50943.0;1983,70,160000.0;1983,68,40196.0;1983,72,38333.0;1983,64,25983.0;1983,13,58286.0;1983,221,127692.0;1983,238,202259.0;1983,84,118421.0;1983,255,54795.0;1983,61,45161.0;1983,60,31250.0;1983,80,50000.0;1983,355,130429.0;1983,273,70021.0;1983,462,60358.0;1983,463,83445.0;1983,464,238075.0;1983,465,125759.0;1983,466,86169.0;1983,290,182715.0;1983,450,66301.0;1983,477,315875.0;1983,436,116133.0;1983,295,156414.0;1983,275,130074.0;1983,467,181623.0;1983,470,160366.0;1983,471,114489.0;1983,472,135991.0;1983,276,283932.0;1983,475,283932.0;1983,277,119550.0;1983,34981,179094.0;1983,478,122998.0;1983,34752,46612.0;1983,479,47190.0;1983,318,280941.0;1984,159,36842.0;1984,34982,151020.0;1984,202,68750.0;1984,253,50000.0;1984,203,63529.0;1984,153,53333.0;1984,150,20000.0;1984,149,13657.0;1984,206,25155.0;1984,252,193929.0;1984,254,200000.0;1984,148,195000.0;1984,147,44965.0;1984,146,74667.0;1984,145,67143.0;1984,139,486729.0;1984,137,173880.0;1984,136,106152.0;1984,135,157500.0;1984,133,362032.0;1984,132,77500.0;1984,14,71264.0;1984,130,260255.0;1984,129,125000.0;1984,204,44068.0;1984,125,86667.0;1984,124,144444.0;1984,121,108219.0;1984,118,58754.0;1984,117,43889.0;1984,116,198313.0;1984,211,79533.0;1984,115,600000.0;1984,284,287879.0;1984,213,145260.0;1984,113,280098.0;1984,216,45455.0;1984,110,173913.0;1984,109,63636.0;1984,220,22805.0;1984,105,504778.0;1984,261,50000.0;1984,217,175729.0;1984,34984,51948.0;1984,101,87070.0;1984,100,459073.0;1984,99,127778.0;1984,98,199841.0;1984,96,121243.0;1984,95,206339.0;1984,93,180127.0;1984,245,64291.0;1984,229,121563.0;1984,230,129060.0;1984,239,62325.0;1984,232,51570.0;1984,89,157895.0;1984,233,184000.0;1984,86,32500.0;1984,195,60526.0;1984,82,207333.0;1984,81,142245.0;1984,9,357722.0;1984,5396,294118.0;1984,234,240275.0;1984,78,83333.0;1984,77,100000.0;1984,75,118846.0;1984,3897,300000.0;1984,74,103448.0;1984,287,35000.0;1984,235,10333.0;1984,73,50943.0;1984,70,250000.0;1984,68,39216.0;1984,72,64615.0;1984,64,26014.0;1984,13,115429.0;1984,221,128571.0;1984,238,190191.0;1984,84,128205.0;1984,255,54795.0;1984,61,50000.0;1984,60,31250.0;1984,80,49600.0;1984,355,135972.0;1984,273,69711.0;1984,462,58815.0;1984,463,84033.0;1984,464,230397.0;1984,465,141540.0;1984,466,89936.0;1984,290,192909.0;1984,450,119780.0;1984,477,349120.0;1984,436,122316.0;1984,295,163287.0;1984,275,136312.0;1984,467,175888.0;1984,470,169643.0;1984,471,118723.0;1984,472,152084.0;1984,276,279587.0;1984,475,279587.0;1984,277,118804.0;1984,34981,180124.0;1984,478,124383.0;1984,34752,47059.0;1984,479,41610.0;1984,318,278134.0;1984,454,59554.0;1984,34987,53480.0;1984,5398,118551.0;1984,34988,100847.0;1984,34989,86808.0;1984,246,28571.0;1984,19,91667.0;1984,20,100000.0;1984,21,267442.0;1984,23,180124.0;1984,26,136842.0;1984,27,120000.0;1984,28,170414.0;1984,29,86667.0;1984,31,164368.0;1984,32,52000.0;1984,194,228571.0;1984,34,57143.0;1984,37,123708.0;1984,196,107895.0;1984,38,39474.0;1984,41,54409.0;1984,18581,185185.0;1984,42,52500.0;1984,43,254148.0;1984,197,54000.0;1984,174,58571.0;1984,171,176206.0;1984,34845,150000.0;1984,34979,237422.0;1984,170,478548.0;1984,169,73300.0;1984,168,81066.0;1984,199,95000.0;1984,166,467730.0;1984,143,180788.0;1984,164,173650.0;1984,163,216867.0;1984,167,40000.0;1984,200,134434.0;1984,160,157143.0;1984,201,276617.0;1984,65,219048.0;1985,246,28571.0;1985,19,90000.0;1985,20,87500.0;1985,21,246456.0;1985,23,184849.0;1985,26,136842.0;1985,27,120000.0;1985,28,170381.0;1985,29,86667.0;1985,31,166667.0;1985,32,52000.0;1985,194,215385.0;1985,34,67742.0;1985,37,119844.0;1985,196,103750.0;1985,38,40000.0;1985,41,55360.0;1985,18581,200000.0;1985,42,51111.0;1985,43,217850.0;1985,197,53846.0;1985,174,59286.0;1985,171,150042.0;1985,34845,134259.0;1985,34979,239503.0;1985,170,428571.0;1985,169,75200.0;1985,168,79907.0;1985,199,125000.0;1985,166,504398.0;1985,143,191781.0;1985,164,191548.0;1985,163,224439.0;1985,167,40030.0;1985,200,131249.0;1985,160,117614.0;1985,201,302135.0;1985,65,210145.0;1985,159,38158.0;1985,34982,150505.0;1985,202,68323.0;1985,253,50000.0;1985,203,79885.0;1985,153,53333.0;1985,150,20000.0;1985,149,155195.0;1985,206,25000.0;1985,252,161712.0;1985,254,158333.0;1985,148,268889.0;1985,147,44976.0;1985,94,50000.0;1985,146,73636.0;1985,145,67143.0;1985,139,525575.0;1985,137,177063.0;1985,136,119590.0;1985,135,230000.0;1985,133,409091.0;1985,132,75000.0;1985,14,127564.0;1985,130,189091.0;1985,129,125000.0;1985,204,44886.0;1985,125,80000.0;1985,124,265000.0;1985,121,108108.0;1985,118,58795.0;1985,117,44444.0;1985,116,205373.0;1985,211,79533.0;1985,115,600000.0;1985,284,270567.0;1985,213,211538.0;1985,113,252282.0;1985,216,45455.0;1985,110,175000.0;1985,109,63636.0;1985,220,18987.0;1985,105,439523.0;1985,261,50000.0;1985,217,166667.0;1985,34984,51948.0;1985,101,86894.0;1985,100,463802.0;1985,99,127027.0;1985,98,199998.0;1985,96,115598.0;1985,95,216263.0;1985,93,180048.0;1985,127,239828.0;1985,245,56500.0;1985,229,132619.0;1985,230,143176.0;1985,239,62605.0;1985,232,52960.0;1985,89,157895.0;1985,233,189333.0;1985,86,32353.0;1985,195,60000.0;1985,82,222222.0;1985,81,139653.0;1985,9,349985.0;1985,5396,300000.0;1985,234,262882.0;1985,78,83333.0;1985,77,100000.0;1985,75,121538.0;1985,3897,266667.0;1985,74,106667.0;1985,287,35000.0;1985,235,9900.0;1985,73,50943.0;1985,70,247253.0;1985,68,41346.0;1985,72,42857.0;1985,64,26050.0;1985,13,108824.0;1985,221,125333.0;1985,238,197101.0;1985,84,135000.0;1985,255,52000.0;1985,61,55556.0;1985,60,32353.0;1985,80,50000.0;1985,355,135012.0;1985,273,70094.0;1985,462,59372.0;1985,463,83174.0;1985,464,223881.0;1985,465,139034.0;1985,466,92662.0;1985,290,187790.0;1985,450,112748.0;1985,477,351403.0;1985,436,114227.0;1985,295,159696.0;1985,275,138705.0;1985,467,150104.0;1985,470,172254.0;1985,471,120815.0;1985,472,166481.0;1985,276,324363.0;1985,475,324363.0;1985,277,118822.0;1985,34981,184849.0;1985,478,123666.0;1985,34752,47561.0;1985,479,42285.0;1985,318,321583.0;1985,454,59903.0;1985,34987,55434.0;1985,5398,113109.0;1985,34988,100741.0;1985,34989,87005.0;1986,454,61311.0;1986,34987,56352.0;1986,5398,112430.0;1986,34988,103458.0;1986,34989,87498.0;1986,246,28571.0;1986,19,91667.0;1986,20,87500.0;1986,21,230303.0;1986,23,173327.0;1986,26,136842.0;1986,27,121569.0;1986,28,185262.0;1986,29,86667.0;1986,31,157692.0;1986,32,52000.0;1986,194,208333.0;1986,34,76316.0;1986,37,121996.0;1986,196,100476.0;1986,38,38889.0;1986,41,55231.0;1986,18581,185000.0;1986,42,52632.0;1986,43,200550.0;1986,197,57143.0;1986,174,59859.0;1986,171,176248.0;1986,34845,173763.0;1986,34979,199987.0;1986,170,436893.0;1986,169,64250.0;1986,168,76968.0;1986,199,50000.0;1986,166,542204.0;1986,143,195257.0;1986,164,130013.0;1986,163,249377.0;1986,167,39821.0;1986,200,136899.0;1986,160,115967.0;1986,201,207145.0;1986,65,194581.0;1986,159,38462.0;1986,34982,150000.0;1986,202,70370.0;1986,253,50000.0;1986,203,77111.0;1986,153,56667.0;1986,150,20000.0;1986,149,180989.0;1986,206,31250.0;1986,252,190529.0;1986,254,184545.0;1986,148,263333.0;1986,147,48182.0;1986,94,60000.0;1986,146,75652.0;1986,145,71429.0;1986,139,521059.0;1986,137,190340.0;1986,136,161879.0;1986,135,135000.0;1986,133,396618.0;1986,132,80556.0;1986,14,62469.0;1986,130,148549.0;1986,129,125000.0;1986,204,45455.0;1986,125,76923.0;1986,124,266667.0;1986,121,106667.0;1986,118,58646.0;1986,117,45556.0;1986,116,218968.0;1986,211,79533.0;1986,115,615385.0;1986,284,266439.0;1986,213,213351.0;1986,113,224123.0;1986,216,45455.0;1986,110,181818.0;1986,109,68182.0;1986,220,19280.0;1986,105,425811.0;1986,261,50909.0;1986,217,158824.0;1986,34984,51948.0;1986,101,89381.0;1986,100,394232.0;1986,99,122283.0;1986,98,199341.0;1986,96,130901.0;1986,95,243542.0;1986,93,180352.0;1986,127,197381.0;1986,245,56500.0;1986,229,151536.0;1986,230,136347.0;1986,239,62778.0;1986,232,50214.0;1986,89,157895.0;1986,233,181250.0;1986,86,32414.0;1986,195,57500.0;1986,82,184118.0;1986,81,159571.0;1986,9,420179.0;1986,5396,295238.0;1986,234,269194.0;1986,78,83333.0;1986,77,100000.0;1986,75,122785.0;1986,3897,266667.0;1986,74,106667.0;1986,287,37500.0;1986,235,9200.0;1986,73,50926.0;1986,70,241379.0;1986,68,41905.0;1986,72,21111.0;1986,64,26047.0;1986,13,110831.0;1986,221,120482.0;1986,238,199850.0;1986,84,153013.0;1986,255,52000.0;1986,61,58876.0;1986,60,33333.0;1986,80,50769.0;1986,355,139831.0;1986,273,70160.0;1986,462,59690.0;1986,463,81138.0;1986,464,208361.0;1986,465,158756.0;1986,466,92626.0;1986,290,179159.0;1986,450,113692.0;1986,477,328377.0;1986,436,116792.0;1986,295,155762.0;1986,275,155964.0;1986,467,176177.0;1986,470,183450.0;1986,471,139075.0;1986,472,164469.0;1986,276,386818.0;1986,475,386818.0;1986,277,109985.0;1986,34981,173327.0;1986,478,119137.0;1986,34752,48613.0;1986,479,34188.0;1986,318,382887.0;1987,159,39744.0;1987,34982,150000.0;1987,202,69939.0;1987,253,50000.0;1987,203,54778.0;1987,153,56667.0;1987,150,20000.0;1987,149,169550.0;1987,206,34595.0;1987,252,191263.0;1987,254,187500.0;1987,148,243333.0;1987,147,53500.0;1987,94,80000.0;1987,146,67857.0;1987,145,71429.0;1987,139,564732.0;1987,137,192828.0;1987,136,139639.0;1987,135,72600.0;1987,133,510345.0;1987,132,77778.0;1987,14,65541.0;1987,130,149520.0;1987,129,125000.0;1987,204,46023.0;1987,125,75000.0;1987,124,162499.0;1987,121,104167.0;1987,118,57923.0;1987,117,45405.0;1987,116,174932.0;1987,211,57400.0;1987,115,615385.0;1987,284,247579.0;1987,213,214054.0;1987,113,241332.0;1987,216,45455.0;1987,110,216250.0;1987,109,66667.0;1987,220,18829.0;1987,105,405767.0;1987,261,51364.0;1987,217,139394.0;1987,34984,51948.0;1987,101,89393.0;1987,100,544040.0;1987,99,132979.0;1987,98,191042.0;1987,96,126461.0;1987,95,302533.0;1987,93,180412.0;1987,127,231350.0;1987,245,56500.0;1987,229,108524.0;1987,230,108930.0;1987,239,62162.0;1987,232,50235.0;1987,89,157895.0;1987,233,187500.0;1987,86,31667.0;1987,195,58750.0;1987,82,177049.0;1987,81,146991.0;1987,9,423774.0;1987,5396,304878.0;1987,234,245338.0;1987,78,83333.0;1987,77,100000.0;1987,75,123400.0;1987,3897,333333.0;1987,74,106667.0;1987,287,30000.0;1987,235,9500.0;1987,73,50000.0;1987,70,275157.0;1987,68,43396.0;1987,72,16556.0;1987,64,26500.0;1987,13,119400.0;1987,221,120000.0;1987,238,199249.0;1987,84,143750.0;1987,255,53333.0;1987,61,65043.0;1987,60,33333.0;1987,80,51128.0;1987,355,137785.0;1987,273,69545.0;1987,462,59543.0;1987,463,78151.0;1987,464,208873.0;1987,465,146366.0;1987,466,96440.0;1987,290,180137.0;1987,450,121603.0;1987,477,357120.0;1987,436,113667.0;1987,295,149986.0;1987,275,147679.0;1987,467,138411.0;1987,470,183442.0;1987,471,130625.0;1987,472,175863.0;1987,276,396359.0;1987,475,396359.0;1987,277,122810.0;1987,34981,203012.0;1987,478,129359.0;1987,34752,49139.0;1987,479,36822.0;1987,318,392665.0;1987,454,60559.0;1987,34987,57106.0;1987,5398,112170.0;1987,34988,103351.0;1987,34989,87727.0;1987,246,28571.0;1987,19,93333.0;1987,20,87500.0;1987,21,220909.0;1987,23,203012.0;1987,26,129630.0;1987,27,118182.0;1987,28,166598.0;1987,29,86667.0;1987,31,171429.0;1987,32,52000.0;1987,194,217000.0;1987,34,87500.0;1987,37,119557.0;1987,196,100000.0;1987,38,39474.0;1987,41,54504.0;1987,18581,225000.0;1987,42,55789.0;1987,43,215741.0;1987,197,19600.0;1987,174,60000.0;1987,171,138214.0;1987,34845,132614.0;1987,34979,237885.0;1987,170,336948.0;1987,169,58026.0;1987,168,80846.0;1987,199,42105.0;1987,166,537697.0;1987,143,191853.0;1987,164,138583.0;1987,163,274314.0;1987,167,39812.0;1987,200,125023.0;1987,160,118778.0;1987,201,199707.0;1987,65,194678.0;1988,246,28571.0;1988,19,93333.0;1988,20,105000.0;1988,21,240595.0;1988,23,200950.0;1988,26,128846.0;1988,27,109167.0;1988,28,158929.0;1988,29,86667.0;1988,31,175000.0;1988,32,52000.0;1988,194,218000.0;1988,34,99086.0;1988,37,114972.0;1988,196,96591.0;1988,38,41667.0;1988,41,52021.0;1988,18581,300000.0;1988,42,57895.0;1988,43,135514.0;1988,197,20000.0;1988,174,60135.0;1988,171,135554.0;1988,34845,128971.0;1988,34979,229092.0;1988,170,349501.0;1988,169,58045.0;1988,168,79293.0;1988,199,41899.0;1988,166,524016.0;1988,143,221483.0;1988,164,162102.0;1988,163,250000.0;1988,167,38199.0;1988,200,114734.0;1988,160,130312.0;1988,201,202476.0;1988,65,228399.0;1988,159,39744.0;1988,34982,160473.0;1988,202,70905.0;1988,253,50000.0;1988,203,51111.0;1988,153,56667.0;1988,150,20000.0;1988,149,199162.0;1988,206,37838.0;1988,252,199819.0;1988,254,189167.0;1988,148,215135.0;1988,147,49791.0;1988,94,90000.0;1988,146,71000.0;1988,145,62500.0;1988,139,560123.0;1988,137,119798.0;1988,136,136065.0;1988,135,78090.0;1988,133,437237.0;1988,132,84375.0;1988,14,64000.0;1988,130,338293.0;1988,129,130000.0;1988,204,44186.0;1988,125,78788.0;1988,124,156058.0;1988,121,101449.0;1988,118,57215.0;1988,117,46237.0;1988,116,175697.0;1988,211,49733.0;1988,115,600000.0;1988,284,261327.0;1988,213,214634.0;1988,113,237272.0;1988,216,45455.0;1988,110,253000.0;1988,109,68333.0;1988,220,16667.0;1988,105,388016.0;1988,261,51818.0;1988,217,136000.0;1988,34984,51948.0;1988,101,89075.0;1988,100,538055.0;1988,99,140306.0;1988,98,192521.0;1988,96,123719.0;1988,95,293824.0;1988,93,177934.0;1988,127,434783.0;1988,245,56500.0;1988,229,133381.0;1988,230,115870.0;1988,239,62133.0;1988,232,46818.0;1988,89,157895.0;1988,233,187500.0;1988,86,32500.0;1988,195,62500.0;1988,82,180000.0;1988,81,141259.0;1988,9,403061.0;1988,5396,310000.0;1988,234,266334.0;1988,78,83333.0;1988,77,100000.0;1988,75,123538.0;1988,3897,253333.0;1988,74,106667.0;1988,287,30000.0;1988,235,10000.0;1988,73,50000.0;1988,70,261584.0;1988,68,44037.0;1988,72,18222.0;1988,64,25794.0;1988,13,138568.0;1988,221,120000.0;1988,238,207850.0;1988,84,146386.0;1988,255,54667.0;1988,61,63472.0;1988,60,32632.0;1988,80,50360.0;1988,355,128580.0;1988,273,67530.0;1988,462,58210.0;1988,463,70155.0;1988,464,238527.0;1988,465,140759.0;1988,466,92655.0;1988,290,180001.0;1988,450,140361.0;1988,477,349934.0;1988,436,121602.0;1988,295,150377.0;1988,275,127339.0;1988,467,136410.0;1988,470,121174.0;1988,471,129332.0;1988,472,168150.0;1988,276,377849.0;1988,475,377849.0;1988,277,132107.0;1988,34981,200950.0;1988,478,136660.0;1988,34752,47947.0;1988,479,44768.0;1988,318,373952.0;1988,454,58017.0;1988,34987,55246.0;1988,5398,120642.0;1988,34988,87178.0;1988,34989,87724.0;1989,454,58464.0;1989,34987,55769.0;1989,5398,116886.0;1989,34988,101497.0;1989,34989,86977.0;1989,246,28857.0;1989,19,91667.0;1989,20,111111.0;1989,21,227352.0;1989,23,246521.0;1989,26,125490.0;1989,27,107692.0;1989,28,162763.0;1989,29,86667.0;1989,31,156867.0;1989,32,52000.0;1989,194,174000.0;1989,34,99469.0;1989,37,118517.0;1989,196,75556.0;1989,38,40556.0;1989,41,52555.0;1989,18581,316667.0;1989,42,56000.0;1989,43,119483.0;1989,197,18600.0;1989,174,60667.0;1989,171,132976.0;1989,34845,126691.0;1989,34979,204875.0;1989,170,343451.0;1989,169,58044.0;1989,168,79650.0;1989,199,50000.0;1989,166,611601.0;1989,143,243483.0;1989,164,139350.0;1989,163,236111.0;1989,167,38212.0;1989,200,105925.0;1989,160,128104.0;1989,201,197185.0;1989,65,243062.0;1989,159,39744.0;1989,34982,154000.0;1989,202,71951.0;1989,253,50000.0;1989,203,58889.0;1989,153,56667.0;1989,150,20000.0;1989,149,197660.0;1989,206,36571.0;1989,252,148726.0;1989,254,225000.0;1989,148,268649.0;1989,147,44087.0;1989,94,96000.0;1989,146,71818.0;1989,145,68207.0;1989,139,517904.0;1989,137,192584.0;1989,136,171465.0;1989,135,137933.0;1989,133,451366.0;1989,132,81250.0;1989,14,62583.0;1989,130,120450.0;1989,129,126154.0;1989,204,42353.0;1989,125,76471.0;1989,124,192503.0;1989,121,104167.0;1989,118,54335.0;1989,117,47312.0;1989,116,178228.0;1989,211,65067.0;1989,115,600000.0;1989,284,280148.0;1989,213,133333.0;1989,113,224687.0;1989,216,42857.0;1989,110,286923.0;1989,109,70000.0;1989,220,18000.0;1989,105,459295.0;1989,261,52727.0;1989,217,138788.0;1989,34984,51948.0;1989,101,89226.0;1989,100,545050.0;1989,99,140244.0;1989,98,195590.0;1989,96,107932.0;1989,95,386044.0;1989,93,176223.0;1989,127,467853.0;1989,245,50000.0;1989,229,107407.0;1989,230,119200.0;1989,239,57043.0;1989,232,52154.0;1989,89,92105.0;1989,233,187500.0;1989,86,29333.0;1989,195,61905.0;1989,82,174167.0;1989,81,147377.0;1989,9,421809.0;1989,5396,315789.0;1989,234,221305.0;1989,78,83333.0;1989,77,100000.0;1989,75,121970.0;1989,3897,266667.0;1989,74,106667.0;1989,287,30000.0;1989,235,16000.0;1989,73,49565.0;1989,70,208333.0;1989,68,44144.0;1989,72,52353.0;1989,64,26088.0;1989,13,134321.0;1989,221,120000.0;1989,238,208271.0;1989,84,145066.0;1989,255,54667.0;1989,61,63189.0;1989,60,32500.0;1989,80,51724.0;1989,355,136522.0;1989,273,67944.0;1989,462,58642.0;1989,463,68433.0;1989,464,253248.0;1989,465,146837.0;1989,466,91426.0;1989,290,180573.0;1989,450,135738.0;1989,477,365799.0;1989,436,115644.0;1989,295,150503.0;1989,275,147007.0;1989,467,134452.0;1989,470,183418.0;1989,471,128226.0;1989,472,151477.0;1989,276,408277.0;1989,475,408277.0;1989,277,142742.0;1989,34981,246521.0;1989,478,137039.0;1989,34752,46787.0;1989,479,46008.0;1989,318,402858.0;1990,159,43959.0;1990,34982,146204.0;1990,202,73350.0;1990,253,50000.0;1990,203,46809.0;1990,153,68130.0;1990,150,21794.0;1990,149,187351.0;1990,206,33333.0;1990,252,143054.0;1990,254,220000.0;1990,148,248083.0;1990,147,44084.0;1990,94,100000.0;1990,146,70556.0;1990,145,68116.0;1990,139,495624.0;1990,137,195973.0;1990,136,182025.0;1990,135,137256.0;1990,133,309140.0;1990,8,115789.0;1990,132,79788.0;1990,14,59569.0;1990,130,158982.0;1990,129,120000.0;1990,204,47170.0;1990,125,80321.0;1990,124,232911.0;1990,121,100000.0;1990,118,52714.0;1990,117,49444.0;1990,116,177817.0;1990,211,84375.0;1990,115,574538.0;1990,284,289388.0;1990,213,175286.0;1990,113,266066.0;1990,216,49600.0;1990,110,299412.0;1990,109,66380.0;1990,107,149516.0;1990,220,20000.0;1990,105,413008.0;1990,261,21212.0;1990,217,139466.0;1990,34984,48281.0;1990,101,88959.0;1990,100,511937.0;1990,99,142857.0;1990,98,200901.0;1990,96,113515.0;1990,95,386825.0;1990,93,176089.0;1990,127,496279.0;1990,245,37886.0;1990,91,69320.0;1990,229,106667.0;1990,230,123470.0;1990,239,61783.0;1990,232,61878.0;1990,89,157895.0;1990,233,200000.0;1990,86,32000.0;1990,195,62791.0;1990,82,177419.0;1990,81,160384.0;1990,9,448502.0;1990,5396,140698.0;1990,234,231274.0;1990,78,98909.0;1990,77,120000.0;1990,75,127464.0;1990,3897,311111.0;1990,74,102130.0;1990,287,28000.0;1990,235,15000.0;1990,73,51818.0;1990,70,262391.0;1990,68,47458.0;1990,72,60625.0;1990,64,26028.0;1990,13,142389.0;1990,221,120000.0;1990,238,211145.0;1990,84,138357.0;1990,255,50802.0;1990,61,63957.0;1990,60,31174.0;1990,80,52000.0;1990,355,134028.0;1990,273,70490.0;1990,462,62870.0;1990,463,80898.0;1990,464,255439.0;1990,465,159908.0;1990,466,90051.0;1990,290,188743.0;1990,450,144309.0;1990,477,375706.0;1990,436,134137.0;1990,295,154795.0;1990,275,151894.0;1990,467,141726.0;1990,470,186697.0;1990,471,132637.0;1990,472,147388.0;1990,276,431426.0;1990,475,431426.0;1990,277,142536.0;1990,34981,227524.0;1990,478,139891.0;1990,34752,48905.0;1990,479,46733.0;1990,318,424994.0;1990,454,62244.0;1990,34987,61807.0;1990,5398,129784.0;1990,34988,97611.0;1990,34989,83631.0;1990,246,28653.0;1990,19,102191.0;1990,20,120000.0;1990,21,218806.0;1990,23,227524.0;1990,26,110000.0;1990,27,104412.0;1990,28,160310.0;1990,29,83333.0;1990,31,101704.0;1990,32,49800.0;1990,194,187500.0;1990,34,76667.0;1990,37,117361.0;1990,196,100000.0;1990,38,45029.0;1990,41,53345.0;1990,18581,300000.0;1990,42,54762.0;1990,43,211004.0;1990,197,20167.0;1990,174,60526.0;1990,171,140154.0;1990,34845,133817.0;1990,34979,213096.0;1990,170,383831.0;1990,169,56270.0;1990,168,80952.0;1990,199,50000.0;1990,166,546877.0;1990,143,251847.0;1990,164,147727.0;1990,163,230556.0;1990,167,38213.0;1990,200,155130.0;1990,160,321216.0;1990,201,213263.0;1990,65,284060.0;1991,246,24620.0;1991,19,47206.0;1991,20,108333.0;1991,21,219932.0;1991,23,207306.0;1991,26,111111.0;1991,27,102857.0;1991,28,160092.0;1991,29,63976.0;1991,31,213005.0;1991,32,51309.0;1991,194,205882.0;1991,34,76748.0;1991,37,117447.0;1991,196,93333.0;1991,38,41871.0;1991,41,54693.0;1991,18581,300000.0;1991,42,54545.0;1991,43,200000.0;1991,197,20538.0;1991,174,60000.0;1991,171,153103.0;1991,34845,149073.0;1991,34979,210425.0;1991,170,436437.0;1991,169,59182.0;1991,168,80000.0;1991,199,50000.0;1991,166,514970.0;1991,143,289315.0;1991,164,161641.0;1991,163,277778.0;1991,167,38214.0;1991,200,148673.0;1991,160,319016.0;1991,201,209217.0;1991,65,277718.0;1991,159,38500.0;1991,202,72619.0;1991,253,50000.0;1991,203,69891.0;1991,153,59659.0;1991,150,14333.0;1991,149,174297.0;1991,206,33939.0;1991,252,187891.0;1991,254,224813.0;1991,148,252490.0;1991,147,37475.0;1991,94,104167.0;1991,146,71769.0;1991,145,67692.0;1991,139,556273.0;1991,137,207425.0;1991,136,183011.0;1991,135,153607.0;1991,133,418088.0;1991,8,128205.0;1991,132,83750.0;1991,14,54492.0;1991,130,203187.0;1991,129,118421.0;1991,204,49133.0;1991,125,80556.0;1991,124,249167.0;1991,121,102262.0;1991,118,54934.0;1991,117,68642.0;1991,116,177972.0;1991,211,147915.0;1991,115,598443.0;1991,284,259558.0;1991,213,180780.0;1991,113,256677.0;1991,216,41935.0;1991,110,280000.0;1991,109,62170.0;1991,107,161006.0;1991,220,15250.0;1991,105,541482.0;1991,261,20955.0;1991,217,141176.0;1991,101,39144.0;1991,100,447562.0;1991,99,141860.0;1991,98,196791.0;1991,96,115491.0;1991,95,338710.0;1991,93,158109.0;1991,245,65038.0;1991,91,64435.0;1991,229,106667.0;1991,230,101217.0;1991,239,50000.0;1991,232,55556.0;1991,89,131711.0;1991,233,200000.0;1991,86,30000.0;1991,195,56818.0;1991,82,166667.0;1991,81,162512.0;1991,9,408380.0;1991,5396,141860.0;1991,234,236158.0;1991,78,57123.0;1991,77,150000.0;1991,75,119796.0;1991,3897,337581.0;1991,74,98298.0;1991,287,30069.0;1991,235,13980.0;1991,73,49573.0;1991,70,267380.0;1991,68,46341.0;1991,72,64444.0;1991,64,26132.0;1991,13,143639.0;1991,221,120000.0;1991,238,207854.0;1991,84,144248.0;1991,255,30030.0;1991,61,69611.0;1991,60,33333.0;1991,80,51613.0;1991,355,133198.0;1991,273,68213.0;1991,462,62226.0;1991,463,70840.0;1991,464,249667.0;1991,465,161518.0;1991,466,87247.0;1991,290,188151.0;1991,450,146446.0;1991,477,364840.0;1991,436,136274.0;1991,295,158747.0;1991,275,156993.0;1991,467,153021.0;1991,470,198353.0;1991,471,132862.0;1991,472,173521.0;1991,276,391638.0;1991,475,391638.0;1991,277,138592.0;1991,34981,207306.0;1991,478,139221.0;1991,34752,51141.0;1991,479,35891.0;1991,318,387941.0;1991,454,59977.0;1991,34987,60542.0;1991,5398,131724.0;1991,34988,98907.0;1991,34989,80057.0;1992,454,60877.0;1992,34987,61315.0;1992,5398,126705.0;1992,34988,99304.0;1992,34989,80869.0;1992,246,25000.0;1992,19,56479.0;1992,20,116393.0;1992,21,215934.0;1992,23,216823.0;1992,26,136364.0;1992,27,101370.0;1992,28,163630.0;1992,29,55556.0;1992,31,139881.0;1992,32,51326.0;1992,194,192308.0;1992,34,75117.0;1992,37,113378.0;1992,196,91429.0;1992,38,42794.0;1992,41,56055.0;1992,18581,293101.0;1992,42,54260.0;1992,43,188889.0;1992,197,19200.0;1992,174,59873.0;1992,171,138156.0;1992,34845,134670.0;1992,34979,204306.0;1992,170,336588.0;1992,169,59418.0;1992,168,79167.0;1992,199,66667.0;1992,166,503686.0;1992,143,295189.0;1992,164,102500.0;1992,163,171429.0;1992,167,37844.0;1992,200,139657.0;1992,160,320843.0;1992,201,216020.0;1992,65,278870.0;1992,159,38033.0;1992,202,73610.0;1992,253,54000.0;1992,203,71163.0;1992,153,60017.0;1992,150,16213.0;1992,149,187167.0;1992,206,33333.0;1992,252,209873.0;1992,254,225718.0;1992,148,242048.0;1992,147,37475.0;1992,94,106667.0;1992,146,70000.0;1992,145,65714.0;1992,139,584957.0;1992,137,200541.0;1992,136,346357.0;1992,135,145595.0;1992,133,422036.0;1992,8,284286.0;1992,132,81250.0;1992,14,51077.0;1992,130,82798.0;1992,129,128052.0;1992,204,50000.0;1992,125,78489.0;1992,124,256224.0;1992,121,102817.0;1992,118,55234.0;1992,117,81189.0;1992,116,177700.0;1992,211,151515.0;1992,115,630692.0;1992,284,271749.0;1992,213,184632.0;1992,113,284101.0;1992,216,41971.0;1992,110,280769.0;1992,109,62664.0;1992,107,139444.0;1992,220,14867.0;1992,105,549131.0;1992,261,20899.0;1992,217,142857.0;1992,101,42436.0;1992,100,450291.0;1992,99,142022.0;1992,98,198356.0;1992,96,115939.0;1992,95,316667.0;1992,93,155845.0;1992,245,66300.0;1992,91,64495.0;1992,229,105333.0;1992,230,123382.0;1992,239,49115.0;1992,232,63158.0;1992,89,134395.0;1992,233,193750.0;1992,195,52041.0;1992,82,170009.0;1992,81,119505.0;1992,9,417821.0;1992,5396,136364.0;1992,234,234097.0;1992,78,57273.0;1992,77,180000.0;1992,75,117610.0;1992,3897,306667.0;1992,74,99147.0;1992,287,30114.0;1992,235,27900.0;1992,73,49858.0;1992,70,176678.0;1992,68,46667.0;1992,72,80625.0;1992,64,25948.0;1992,13,154545.0;1992,221,119636.0;1992,238,210993.0;1992,84,151637.0;1992,255,30263.0;1992,61,74914.0;1992,60,33333.0;1992,80,46667.0;1992,355,135097.0;1992,273,68974.0;1992,462,63372.0;1992,463,74147.0;1992,464,249551.0;1992,465,119150.0;1992,466,84954.0;1992,290,186309.0;1992,450,155890.0;1992,477,378567.0;1992,436,127821.0;1992,295,156967.0;1992,275,162188.0;1992,467,138097.0;1992,470,193000.0;1992,471,147436.0;1992,472,152989.0;1992,276,397955.0;1992,475,397955.0;1992,277,142130.0;1992,34981,216823.0;1992,478,139797.0;1992,34752,52020.0;1992,479,39428.0;1992,318,390568.0;1993,159,38095.0;1993,158,59989.0;1993,202,73409.0;1993,253,78333.0;1993,203,71581.0;1993,153,59982.0;1993,150,17179.0;1993,149,230500.0;1993,206,33333.0;1993,252,205310.0;1993,254,230000.0;1993,148,233286.0;1993,147,37476.0;1993,94,102273.0;1993,146,71918.0;1993,145,65812.0;1993,139,434204.0;1993,137,229677.0;1993,136,373837.0;1993,135,110755.0;1993,133,235027.0;1993,8,284286.0;1993,132,78125.0;1993,14,55000.0;1993,130,213874.0;1993,129,102702.0;1993,204,50947.0;1993,125,81579.0;1993,124,266667.0;1993,121,104167.0;1993,118,55698.0;1993,117,93907.0;1993,116,173935.0;1993,211,219036.0;1993,115,636001.0;1993,284,245504.0;1993,213,213391.0;1993,113,280568.0;1993,216,42424.0;1993,110,321724.0;1993,109,63158.0;1993,107,149425.0;1993,220,16348.0;1993,105,355574.0;1993,261,20843.0;1993,217,144444.0;1993,101,50754.0;1993,100,455012.0;1993,99,141915.0;1993,98,199720.0;1993,96,116580.0;1993,95,306316.0;1993,93,132603.0;1993,245,51600.0;1993,91,64727.0;1993,229,100000.0;1993,230,100973.0;1993,239,45000.0;1993,232,65000.0;1993,89,171137.0;1993,233,200000.0;1993,195,50604.0;1993,82,166667.0;1993,81,110389.0;1993,9,403146.0;1993,5396,140909.0;1993,234,218862.0;1993,78,57422.0;1993,77,200000.0;1993,75,117817.0;1993,3897,390732.0;1993,74,99996.0;1993,287,30000.0;1993,235,19738.0;1993,73,49999.0;1993,70,166667.0;1993,68,48305.0;1993,72,74706.0;1993,64,25793.0;1993,13,159226.0;1993,221,119408.0;1993,238,207782.0;1993,84,148359.0;1993,255,30496.0;1993,61,94962.0;1993,60,33333.0;1993,80,51250.0;1993,355,142533.0;1993,273,69767.0;1993,462,62280.0;1993,463,74576.0;1993,464,265922.0;1993,465,109977.0;1993,466,92968.0;1993,290,183551.0;1993,450,160969.0;1993,477,337828.0;1993,436,125730.0;1993,295,158218.0;1993,275,172098.0;1993,467,141830.0;1993,470,219035.0;1993,471,148151.0;1993,472,158047.0;1993,276,386081.0;1993,475,386081.0;1993,277,146018.0;1993,34981,247121.0;1993,478,139727.0;1993,34752,53010.0;1993,479,36424.0;1993,318,378362.0;1993,454,61114.0;1993,34987,62992.0;1993,5398,125768.0;1993,34988,110513.0;1993,34989,82566.0;1993,246,24638.0;1993,19,68747.0;1993,20,116048.0;1993,21,203389.0;1993,23,247121.0;1993,26,152000.0;1993,27,95000.0;1993,28,162152.0;1993,29,55556.0;1993,31,231335.0;1993,32,51344.0;1993,194,200000.0;1993,34,79035.0;1993,37,111593.0;1993,196,103030.0;1993,38,43553.0;1993,41,60988.0;1993,18581,300000.0;1993,42,55556.0;1993,43,180000.0;1993,197,18667.0;1993,174,60377.0;1993,171,141881.0;1993,34845,137790.0;1993,34979,227708.0;1993,170,349523.0;1993,169,57363.0;1993,168,80000.0;1993,199,75000.0;1993,166,388695.0;1993,143,302048.0;1993,164,92299.0;1993,163,147059.0;1993,167,34889.0;1993,200,152736.0;1993,160,319585.0;1993,201,217202.0;1993,65,294098.0;1994,246,24600.0;1994,19,84617.0;1994,20,115756.0;1994,21,172039.0;1994,23,250368.0;1994,26,166105.0;1994,27,91765.0;1994,28,162201.0;1994,29,55556.0;1994,31,245837.0;1994,32,51362.0;1994,194,192985.0;1994,34,63900.0;1994,37,115392.0;1994,196,97167.0;1994,38,46667.0;1994,41,58226.0;1994,18581,260000.0;1994,42,54894.0;1994,43,172727.0;1994,197,18069.0;1994,174,61250.0;1994,171,193789.0;1994,34845,192164.0;1994,34979,223514.0;1994,170,346272.0;1994,169,59474.0;1994,168,79245.0;1994,199,50000.0;1994,166,364278.0;1994,143,320067.0;1994,164,81312.0;1994,163,288462.0;1994,167,34889.0;1994,200,140000.0;1994,160,321739.0;1994,201,229851.0;1994,65,328499.0;1994,159,36444.0;1994,158,60433.0;1994,202,73201.0;1994,253,65333.0;1994,203,73263.0;1994,153,61869.0;1994,150,20000.0;1994,149,221429.0;1994,206,33462.0;1994,252,200774.0;1994,254,227023.0;1994,148,303810.0;1994,147,37476.0;1994,94,102439.0;1994,146,74849.0;1994,145,65634.0;1994,139,374865.0;1994,137,242313.0;1994,136,616806.0;1994,135,132087.0;1994,133,452261.0;1994,8,266667.0;1994,132,75000.0;1994,14,53846.0;1994,130,151180.0;1994,129,127273.0;1994,204,52023.0;1994,125,82500.0;1994,124,266746.0;1994,121,106667.0;1994,118,54335.0;1994,117,106787.0;1994,116,174313.0;1994,211,320211.0;1994,115,625000.0;1994,284,187686.0;1994,213,153890.0;1994,113,305307.0;1994,216,41514.0;1994,110,333333.0;1994,109,63362.0;1994,107,241758.0;1994,220,17241.0;1994,105,347061.0;1994,261,20787.0;1994,140,323076.0;1994,217,142162.0;1994,101,33142.0;1994,100,449049.0;1994,99,141959.0;1994,98,199387.0;1994,96,116861.0;1994,95,292983.0;1994,93,135943.0;1994,245,73529.0;1994,91,64739.0;1994,229,104545.0;1994,230,105780.0;1994,239,45000.0;1994,232,65000.0;1994,89,185000.0;1994,233,212000.0;1994,195,49166.0;1994,82,170000.0;1994,81,114288.0;1994,9,393956.0;1994,5396,137822.0;1994,234,211111.0;1994,78,57572.0;1994,77,145000.0;1994,75,127820.0;1994,3897,276041.0;1994,74,100844.0;1994,287,30292.0;1994,235,20000.0;1994,73,50140.0;1994,70,250000.0;1994,68,48333.0;1994,72,81176.0;1994,64,26072.0;1994,13,175843.0;1994,221,119048.0;1994,238,214570.0;1994,84,150308.0;1994,255,30729.0;1994,61,83569.0;1994,60,31657.0;1994,80,52469.0;1994,355,153463.0;1994,273,71285.0;1994,462,61776.0;1994,463,77531.0;1994,464,289215.0;1994,465,113822.0;1994,466,88985.0;1994,290,189280.0;1994,450,176615.0;1994,477,343514.0;1994,436,119670.0;1994,295,165402.0;1994,275,189888.0;1994,467,193675.0;1994,470,226064.0;1994,471,161587.0;1994,472,183845.0;1994,276,376144.0;1994,475,376144.0;1994,277,146414.0;1994,34981,250368.0;1994,478,139673.0;1994,34752,54082.0;1994,479,36733.0;1994,318,373959.0;1994,454,60806.0;1994,34987,61498.0;1994,5398,122207.0;1994,34988,117308.0;1994,34989,83339.0;1995,454,62164.0;1995,34987,61609.0;1995,5398,119648.0;1995,34988,113512.0;1995,34989,80961.0;1995,246,24562.0;1995,19,96774.0;1995,20,115610.0;1995,21,206250.0;1995,23,251301.0;1995,26,142727.0;1995,27,93023.0;1995,28,159698.0;1995,29,55556.0;1995,31,236266.0;1995,32,51379.0;1995,194,200000.0;1995,34,88661.0;1995,37,113889.0;1995,196,97502.0;1995,38,41667.0;1995,41,56980.0;1995,18581,291254.0;1995,42,55000.0;1995,43,165158.0;1995,197,17480.0;1995,174,61434.0;1995,171,166486.0;1995,34845,164301.0;1995,34979,219272.0;1995,170,299955.0;1995,169,58915.0;1995,168,79280.0;1995,199,42667.0;1995,166,406786.0;1995,143,330874.0;1995,164,91950.0;1995,163,403846.0;1995,167,38601.0;1995,200,150000.0;1995,160,291026.0;1995,201,237081.0;1995,65,344558.0;1995,159,39762.0;1995,158,60876.0;1995,202,72987.0;1995,253,71920.0;1995,203,70400.0;1995,153,62500.0;1995,150,22857.0;1995,149,195324.0;1995,206,33200.0;1995,252,154944.0;1995,254,227430.0;1995,148,371429.0;1995,147,37500.0;1995,94,95238.0;1995,146,74222.0;1995,145,65278.0;1995,139,387109.0;1995,137,237897.0;1995,136,775922.0;1995,135,121066.0;1995,133,480802.0;1995,8,266667.0;1995,132,81250.0;1995,14,51094.0;1995,130,160735.0;1995,129,100314.0;1995,204,51655.0;1995,125,78056.0;1995,124,266216.0;1995,121,106250.0;1995,118,54762.0;1995,117,119789.0;1995,116,177352.0;1995,211,217037.0;1995,115,636493.0;1995,284,214286.0;1995,213,206952.0;1995,113,276262.0;1995,222,51948.0;1995,216,41152.0;1995,110,310345.0;1995,109,65969.0;1995,107,239323.0;1995,220,18605.0;1995,105,370591.0;1995,261,20732.0;1995,140,323076.0;1995,217,139474.0;1995,101,33126.0;1995,100,454838.0;1995,99,142000.0;1995,98,205206.0;1995,96,124817.0;1995,95,280591.0;1995,93,148723.0;1995,245,43875.0;1995,91,64581.0;1995,229,100000.0;1995,230,107273.0;1995,239,46154.0;1995,232,57659.0;1995,89,212500.0;1995,233,231250.0;1995,195,52000.0;1995,82,169900.0;1995,81,112485.0;1995,9,438023.0;1995,5396,139600.0;1995,234,231163.0;1995,78,57721.0;1995,77,150000.0;1995,75,129630.0;1995,3897,290063.0;1995,74,101693.0;1995,287,30325.0;1995,235,14837.0;1995,73,50282.0;1995,70,269565.0;1995,68,46673.0;1995,72,83529.0;1995,64,26225.0;1995,13,165730.0;1995,221,118963.0;1995,238,172792.0;1995,84,139753.0;1995,255,30962.0;1995,61,85313.0;1995,60,30000.0;1995,80,48485.0;1995,355,152559.0;1995,273,70931.0;1995,462,59514.0;1995,463,87772.0;1995,464,297855.0;1995,465,112026.0;1995,466,89354.0;1995,290,187388.0;1995,450,167553.0;1995,477,353232.0;1995,436,116540.0;1995,295,161841.0;1995,275,190574.0;1995,467,166419.0;1995,470,221300.0;1995,471,175051.0;1995,472,190596.0;1995,276,413693.0;1995,475,413693.0;1995,277,143687.0;1995,34981,251301.0;1995,478,139323.0;1995,34752,53188.0;1995,479,37393.0;1995,318,413443.0;1996,159,38864.0;1996,158,61320.0;1996,202,72885.0;1996,253,71920.0;1996,203,70838.0;1996,153,61914.0;1996,150,28444.0;1996,149,184520.0;1996,206,33889.0;1996,252,151224.0;1996,254,227804.0;1996,148,458000.0;1996,147,37819.0;1996,94,97261.0;1996,146,71500.0;1996,145,65714.0;1996,139,452847.0;1996,137,235137.0;1996,136,616799.0;1996,135,228246.0;1996,133,437991.0;1996,8,333333.0;1996,132,81818.0;1996,14,50000.0;1996,130,136463.0;1996,129,97649.0;1996,204,52222.0;1996,125,73333.0;1996,124,263948.0;1996,121,105839.0;1996,118,56818.0;1996,117,133957.0;1996,116,179365.0;1996,211,201852.0;1996,115,629296.0;1996,284,266646.0;1996,213,184783.0;1996,113,322982.0;1996,222,52433.0;1996,216,40771.0;1996,110,315714.0;1996,109,65385.0;1996,107,150826.0;1996,220,17600.0;1996,105,555347.0;1996,261,20678.0;1996,140,335518.0;1996,217,138462.0;1996,101,33109.0;1996,100,431568.0;1996,99,141923.0;1996,98,202279.0;1996,96,122780.0;1996,95,269316.0;1996,93,151336.0;1996,245,50000.0;1996,91,64769.0;1996,229,100000.0;1996,230,101456.0;1996,239,46667.0;1996,232,58696.0;1996,89,240000.0;1996,233,220000.0;1996,195,43241.0;1996,82,169743.0;1996,81,126905.0;1996,9,399524.0;1996,5396,138182.0;1996,234,205112.0;1996,78,57871.0;1996,77,185714.0;1996,75,124755.0;1996,3897,425800.0;1996,74,102542.0;1996,287,30357.0;1996,235,16321.0;1996,73,50425.0;1996,70,279828.0;1996,68,45385.0;1996,72,88125.0;1996,64,26593.0;1996,13,152062.0;1996,221,118771.0;1996,238,204764.0;1996,84,137508.0;1996,255,31988.0;1996,61,84054.0;1996,60,33333.0;1996,80,48824.0;1996,355,148618.0;1996,273,69972.0;1996,462,58252.0;1996,463,85620.0;1996,464,310722.0;1996,465,126331.0;1996,466,92854.0;1996,290,195270.0;1996,450,152623.0;1996,477,399971.0;1996,436,126729.0;1996,295,161234.0;1996,275,179489.0;1996,467,147003.0;1996,470,218782.0;1996,471,159189.0;1996,472,183313.0;1996,276,377328.0;1996,475,377328.0;1996,277,143694.0;1996,34981,247438.0;1996,478,139535.0;1996,34752,53733.0;1996,479,38531.0;1996,318,376039.0;1996,454,60501.0;1996,34987,59487.0;1996,5398,126442.0;1996,34988,110565.0;1996,34989,81372.0;1996,246,24523.0;1996,19,94078.0;1996,20,115385.0;1996,21,142415.0;1996,23,247438.0;1996,26,166105.0;1996,27,88235.0;1996,28,159882.0;1996,29,55556.0;1996,31,291243.0;1996,32,51397.0;1996,194,163500.0;1996,34,93480.0;1996,37,103912.0;1996,196,97808.0;1996,38,41682.0;1996,41,52356.0;1996,18581,300000.0;1996,42,46667.0;1996,43,158471.0;1996,197,16836.0;1996,174,63636.0;1996,171,147056.0;1996,34845,144478.0;1996,34979,216552.0;1996,170,291951.0;1996,169,60000.0;1996,168,78769.0;1996,199,35714.0;1996,166,443269.0;1996,143,350324.0;1996,164,108685.0;1996,163,333333.0;1996,167,37357.0;1996,200,135420.0;1996,160,306054.0;1996,201,253472.0;1996,65,371633.0;1997,246,24484.0;1997,19,97577.0;1997,20,114526.0;1997,21,237168.0;1997,23,208135.0;1997,26,229394.0;1997,27,90909.0;1997,28,158509.0;1997,29,55000.0;1997,31,275475.0;1997,32,51415.0;1997,194,165000.0;1997,34,95471.0;1997,37,101594.0;1997,196,98086.0;1997,38,41173.0;1997,41,53801.0;1997,18581,295237.0;1997,42,46774.0;1997,43,153846.0;1997,197,15701.0;1997,174,61111.0;1997,171,163848.0;1997,34845,160488.0;1997,34979,232655.0;1997,170,312486.0;1997,169,55702.0;1997,168,76500.0;1997,199,36443.0;1997,166,452725.0;1997,143,360605.0;1997,164,64122.0;1997,163,296875.0;1997,167,37370.0;1997,200,123934.0;1997,160,252667.0;1997,201,354790.0;1997,65,377661.0;1997,159,40465.0;1997,158,61763.0;1997,202,72516.0;1997,253,61920.0;1997,203,71098.0;1997,153,61765.0;1997,150,35000.0;1997,149,180160.0;1997,206,34000.0;1997,252,245026.0;1997,254,228149.0;1997,148,385714.0;1997,147,37855.0;1997,94,95903.0;1997,146,68750.0;1997,145,65789.0;1997,139,423280.0;1997,137,298434.0;1997,136,391356.0;1997,135,225443.0;1997,133,494848.0;1997,8,266667.0;1997,132,81250.0;1997,14,43942.0;1997,130,136474.0;1997,129,140767.0;1997,204,51787.0;1997,125,74286.0;1997,124,256462.0;1997,121,105882.0;1997,118,57778.0;1997,117,147158.0;1997,116,180902.0;1997,211,307500.0;1997,115,600000.0;1997,284,287013.0;1997,213,194644.0;1997,113,252866.0;1997,222,52510.0;1997,216,40375.0;1997,110,332857.0;1997,109,63704.0;1997,107,153846.0;1997,220,18636.0;1997,105,414438.0;1997,261,20624.0;1997,140,399516.0;1997,217,140000.0;1997,101,35995.0;1997,100,419585.0;1997,99,141121.0;1997,98,202641.0;1997,96,126422.0;1997,95,259929.0;1997,93,152860.0;1997,245,52937.0;1997,91,64258.0;1997,229,100000.0;1997,230,101411.0;1997,239,48725.0;1997,232,63131.0;1997,89,212744.0;1997,233,211765.0;1997,195,30000.0;1997,82,169630.0;1997,81,122229.0;1997,9,478104.0;1997,5396,155172.0;1997,234,219524.0;1997,78,58020.0;1997,77,425000.0;1997,75,130769.0;1997,3897,214333.0;1997,74,103391.0;1997,287,30390.0;1997,235,16542.0;1997,73,50311.0;1997,70,235294.0;1997,68,45853.0;1997,72,86250.0;1997,64,25025.0;1997,13,161719.0;1997,221,118583.0;1997,238,216123.0;1997,84,142435.0;1997,255,34427.0;1997,61,83884.0;1997,60,30550.0;1997,80,48119.0;1997,355,153071.0;1997,273,66592.0;1997,462,56744.0;1997,463,80624.0;1997,464,321949.0;1997,465,121729.0;1997,466,90915.0;1997,290,203458.0;1997,450,161881.0;1997,477,361376.0;1997,436,121184.0;1997,295,183241.0;1997,275,200064.0;1997,467,163783.0;1997,470,273649.0;1997,471,156851.0;1997,472,187535.0;1997,276,441727.0;1997,475,441727.0;1997,277,138733.0;1997,34981,208135.0;1997,478,138751.0;1997,34752,53677.0;1997,479,41005.0;1997,318,437278.0;1997,454,56075.0;1997,34987,60143.0;1997,5398,122306.0;1997,34988,117483.0;1997,34989,76656.0;1998,454,53734.0;1998,34987,58603.0;1998,5398,118022.0;1998,34988,118583.0;1998,34989,71696.0;1998,246,24443.0;1998,19,96875.0;1998,20,114286.0;1998,21,241411.0;1998,23,212786.0;1998,26,198889.0;1998,27,91250.0;1998,28,157690.0;1998,29,59091.0;1998,31,366103.0;1998,32,51432.0;1998,194,168992.0;1998,34,95108.0;1998,37,102659.0;1998,196,98337.0;1998,38,40000.0;1998,41,47429.0;1998,18581,296086.0;1998,42,47244.0;1998,43,139711.0;1998,197,15902.0;1998,174,60526.0;1998,171,199391.0;1998,34845,197717.0;1998,34979,231347.0;1998,170,302388.0;1998,169,57340.0;1998,168,73167.0;1998,199,35310.0;1998,166,517161.0;1998,143,367681.0;1998,164,95786.0;1998,163,406250.0;1998,167,37370.0;1998,200,111667.0;1998,160,221686.0;1998,201,264022.0;1998,65,385675.0;1998,159,42381.0;1998,158,60612.0;1998,202,75500.0;1998,253,71920.0;1998,203,72429.0;1998,153,61111.0;1998,150,31667.0;1998,149,176283.0;1998,206,33000.0;1998,252,188151.0;1998,254,228470.0;1998,148,414000.0;1998,147,37883.0;1998,94,93075.0;1998,146,69419.0;1998,145,65379.0;1998,139,384544.0;1998,137,328261.0;1998,136,444071.0;1998,135,162817.0;1998,133,454732.0;1998,8,248589.0;1998,132,80000.0;1998,14,43942.0;1998,130,152695.0;1998,129,149439.0;1998,204,51831.0;1998,125,72500.0;1998,124,232857.0;1998,121,106402.0;1998,118,57778.0;1998,117,160427.0;1998,116,178333.0;1998,211,284545.0;1998,115,617927.0;1998,284,252123.0;1998,213,201358.0;1998,113,229653.0;1998,222,52585.0;1998,216,39964.0;1998,110,318750.0;1998,109,64338.0;1998,107,161649.0;1998,220,19825.0;1998,105,451758.0;1998,261,20571.0;1998,140,399478.0;1998,217,100000.0;1998,101,35861.0;1998,100,320122.0;1998,99,141009.0;1998,98,204154.0;1998,96,116105.0;1998,95,257619.0;1998,93,100387.0;1998,245,46667.0;1998,91,64785.0;1998,229,100000.0;1998,230,100614.0;1998,239,50000.0;1998,232,63405.0;1998,89,200113.0;1998,233,223529.0;1998,195,32222.0;1998,82,166667.0;1998,81,134784.0;1998,9,445112.0;1998,5396,191667.0;1998,234,174638.0;1998,78,58170.0;1998,77,379310.0;1998,75,128358.0;1998,3897,372154.0;1998,74,104239.0;1998,287,30000.0;1998,235,16410.0;1998,73,50543.0;1998,70,268231.0;1998,68,45686.0;1998,72,85556.0;1998,64,24972.0;1998,13,165652.0;1998,221,118408.0;1998,238,180181.0;1998,84,147278.0;1998,255,36866.0;1998,61,86468.0;1998,60,25000.0;1998,80,47059.0;1998,355,148280.0;1998,273,63809.0;1998,462,54079.0;1998,463,76829.0;1998,464,333067.0;1998,465,134196.0;1998,466,97731.0;1998,290,185642.0;1998,450,165764.0;1998,477,360498.0;1998,436,114745.0;1998,295,159294.0;1998,275,213670.0;1998,467,199305.0;1998,470,299888.0;1998,471,154581.0;1998,472,176607.0;1998,276,417098.0;1998,475,417098.0;1998,277,140029.0;1998,34981,212786.0;1998,478,138821.0;1998,34752,53798.0;1998,479,43193.0;1998,318,416763.0;1999,159,44444.0;1999,158,65321.0;1999,202,71429.0;1999,253,71920.0;1999,203,72154.0;1999,153,62160.0;1999,150,30000.0;1999,149,163708.0;1999,206,33333.0;1999,252,202037.0;1999,254,228771.0;1999,148,521714.0;1999,147,37909.0;1999,94,98350.0;1999,146,60667.0;1999,145,64444.0;1999,139,201657.0;1999,137,343061.0;1999,136,478437.0;1999,135,261280.0;1999,133,452767.0;1999,8,241419.0;1999,132,80000.0;1999,14,43942.0;1999,130,216288.0;1999,129,145800.0;1999,204,52222.0;1999,125,77778.0;1999,124,241852.0;1999,121,105556.0;1999,118,57609.0;1999,117,177515.0;1999,116,175806.0;1999,211,330370.0;1999,115,615243.0;1999,284,272462.0;1999,213,198684.0;1999,113,230551.0;1999,222,52659.0;1999,216,39542.0;1999,110,325588.0;1999,109,64825.0;1999,107,162857.0;1999,220,19935.0;1999,105,439537.0;1999,261,20519.0;1999,140,542490.0;1999,217,118039.0;1999,101,44614.0;1999,100,408401.0;1999,99,141071.0;1999,98,132529.0;1999,96,122825.0;1999,95,264332.0;1999,93,151029.0;1999,245,51089.0;1999,91,70613.0;1999,229,100000.0;1999,230,101576.0;1999,239,46587.0;1999,232,60714.0;1999,89,171875.0;1999,233,229412.0;1999,195,29474.0;1999,82,170354.0;1999,81,191012.0;1999,9,408731.0;1999,5396,197143.0;1999,234,255296.0;1999,78,58319.0;1999,77,401316.0;1999,75,128378.0;1999,3897,168750.0;1999,74,105088.0;1999,287,30483.0;1999,235,16272.0;1999,73,50773.0;1999,70,277099.0;1999,68,45553.0;1999,72,80000.0;1999,64,29646.0;1999,13,194052.0;1999,221,118182.0;1999,238,172468.0;1999,84,135336.0;1999,255,39304.0;1999,61,87527.0;1999,60,28571.0;1999,80,47991.0;1999,355,157899.0;1999,273,69454.0;1999,462,60609.0;1999,463,67236.0;1999,464,296956.0;1999,465,190344.0;1999,466,101799.0;1999,290,196567.0;1999,450,193127.0;1999,477,340715.0;1999,436,122838.0;1999,295,176337.0;1999,275,221255.0;1999,467,208119.0;1999,470,313103.0;1999,471,157432.0;1999,472,189807.0;1999,276,384698.0;1999,475,384698.0;1999,277,138261.0;1999,34981,197428.0;1999,478,139074.0;1999,34752,54176.0;1999,479,42087.0;1999,318,385797.0;1999,454,59080.0;1999,34987,64010.0;1999,5398,123572.0;1999,34988,128987.0;1999,34989,75230.0;1999,246,24402.0;1999,19,96667.0;1999,20,113333.0;1999,21,205882.0;1999,23,197428.0;1999,26,201802.0;1999,27,92310.0;1999,28,143170.0;1999,29,55556.0;1999,31,313987.0;1999,32,51450.0;1999,194,166034.0;1999,34,98005.0;1999,37,105640.0;1999,196,96883.0;1999,38,39048.0;1999,41,51233.0;1999,18581,297428.0;1999,42,45938.0;1999,43,93911.0;1999,197,15417.0;1999,174,60851.0;1999,171,208200.0;1999,34845,206919.0;1999,34979,237173.0;1999,170,342403.0;1999,169,58227.0;1999,168,79998.0;1999,199,38161.0;1999,166,480905.0;1999,143,381084.0;1999,164,76384.0;1999,163,421875.0;1999,167,37370.0;1999,200,101613.0;1999,160,332606.0;1999,201,330165.0;1999,65,323654.0;2000,246,24360.0;2000,19,96774.0;2000,20,114286.0;2000,21,205882.0;2000,23,191178.0;2000,26,130000.0;2000,27,92263.0;2000,28,141343.0;2000,29,54737.0;2000,31,366041.0;2000,32,51467.0;2000,194,163130.0;2000,34,102439.0;2000,37,107925.0;2000,196,96786.0;2000,38,38714.0;2000,41,54575.0;2000,18581,297043.0;2000,42,47517.0;2000,43,72573.0;2000,197,14943.0;2000,174,61104.0;2000,171,199149.0;2000,34845,198245.0;2000,34979,224649.0;2000,170,327988.0;2000,169,59115.0;2000,168,79997.0;2000,199,38163.0;2000,166,454545.0;2000,143,391410.0;2000,164,87341.0;2000,163,265625.0;2000,167,37370.0;2000,200,101515.0;2000,160,284124.0;2000,201,256444.0;2000,65,344853.0;2000,159,44607.0;2000,158,66667.0;2000,202,75000.0;2000,253,76895.0;2000,203,71429.0;2000,153,63158.0;2000,150,28571.0;2000,149,164672.0;2000,206,33750.0;2000,252,273261.0;2000,254,229057.0;2000,148,524725.0;2000,147,37992.0;2000,94,98323.0;2000,146,93220.0;2000,145,64500.0;2000,139,208899.0;2000,137,300986.0;2000,136,509520.0;2000,135,290509.0;2000,133,350008.0;2000,8,236442.0;2000,132,81600.0;2000,14,47619.0;2000,130,100058.0;2000,129,138312.0;2000,204,51592.0;2000,125,74000.0;2000,124,238719.0;2000,121,110000.0;2000,118,58000.0;2000,117,193750.0;2000,116,207254.0;2000,211,313000.0;2000,115,636364.0;2000,284,339994.0;2000,213,173824.0;2000,113,258968.0;2000,222,52731.0;2000,216,39111.0;2000,110,305641.0;2000,109,64286.0;2000,107,164495.0;2000,220,17586.0;2000,105,262678.0;2000,261,20467.0;2000,140,399576.0;2000,217,122104.0;2000,101,45955.0;2000,100,510670.0;2000,99,140870.0;2000,98,56986.0;2000,96,128881.0;2000,95,259556.0;2000,93,149819.0;2000,245,46429.0;2000,91,61371.0;2000,229,104615.0;2000,230,100000.0;2000,239,50000.0;2000,232,60465.0;2000,89,171429.0;2000,233,231765.0;2000,195,29000.0;2000,82,182609.0;2000,81,204716.0;2000,9,446941.0;2000,5396,183333.0;2000,234,223190.0;2000,78,58469.0;2000,77,401316.0;2000,75,129885.0;2000,3897,222222.0;2000,74,105482.0;2000,287,30543.0;2000,235,14200.0;2000,73,51250.0;2000,70,371014.0;2000,68,45185.0;2000,72,84706.0;2000,64,23094.0;2000,13,222572.0;2000,221,118039.0;2000,238,171107.0;2000,84,114193.0;2000,255,41743.0;2000,61,86985.0;2000,60,31818.0;2000,80,48571.0;2000,355,149656.0;2000,273,65062.0;2000,462,55246.0;2000,463,62050.0;2000,464,298889.0;2000,465,203947.0;2000,466,102964.0;2000,290,186918.0;2000,450,220633.0;2000,477,352404.0;2000,436,124147.0;2000,295,164504.0;2000,275,206541.0;2000,467,199087.0;2000,470,274218.0;2000,471,162476.0;2000,472,167360.0;2000,276,419255.0;2000,475,419255.0;2000,277,139061.0;2000,34981,191178.0;2000,478,138621.0;2000,34752,54024.0;2000,479,44573.0;2000,318,414619.0;2000,454,55280.0;2000,34987,60769.0;2000,5398,124862.0;2000,34988,113862.0;2000,34989,71817.0;2001,454,53467.0;2001,34987,54622.0;2001,5398,126017.0;2001,34988,113624.0;2001,34989,71554.0;2001,246,24316.0;2001,19,122807.0;2001,20,112500.0;2001,21,208357.0;2001,23,305349.0;2001,26,132600.0;2001,27,91965.0;2001,28,141213.0;2001,29,55000.0;2001,31,279142.0;2001,32,51485.0;2001,194,162886.0;2001,34,93461.0;2001,37,121048.0;2001,196,96682.0;2001,38,39111.0;2001,41,51639.0;2001,18581,297531.0;2001,42,42332.0;2001,43,95221.0;2001,197,14457.0;2001,174,61172.0;2001,171,215678.0;2001,34845,215216.0;2001,34979,228308.0;2001,170,287855.0;2001,169,57146.0;2001,168,80003.0;2001,199,39599.0;2001,166,462980.0;2001,143,403304.0;2001,164,106557.0;2001,163,350000.0;2001,167,37370.0;2001,200,100000.0;2001,160,279947.0;2001,201,265390.0;2001,65,410148.0;2001,159,44620.0;2001,158,57538.0;2001,202,71316.0;2001,253,79960.0;2001,203,71370.0;2001,153,63758.0;2001,150,32000.0;2001,149,142876.0;2001,206,34167.0;2001,252,252874.0;2001,254,229330.0;2001,148,582011.0;2001,147,38051.0;2001,94,97799.0;2001,146,73880.0;2001,145,65909.0;2001,139,229683.0;2001,137,304803.0;2001,136,559055.0;2001,135,258870.0;2001,133,413169.0;2001,8,242490.0;2001,132,80000.0;2001,14,37500.0;2001,130,116806.0;2001,129,139774.0;2001,204,51287.0;2001,125,76667.0;2001,124,242722.0;2001,121,108886.0;2001,118,57843.0;2001,117,200000.0;2001,116,234213.0;2001,211,310588.0;2001,115,666667.0;2001,284,296779.0;2001,213,203704.0;2001,113,285424.0;2001,222,52800.0;2001,216,38674.0;2001,110,338095.0;2001,109,60645.0;2001,107,167931.0;2001,220,15967.0;2001,105,328725.0;2001,261,20417.0;2001,140,291773.0;2001,217,124006.0;2001,101,48012.0;2001,100,386060.0;2001,99,141017.0;2001,98,58423.0;2001,96,130833.0;2001,95,255388.0;2001,93,150047.0;2001,245,53684.0;2001,91,49114.0;2001,229,104167.0;2001,230,100000.0;2001,239,50000.0;2001,232,61364.0;2001,89,215828.0;2001,233,218889.0;2001,195,27273.0;2001,82,169811.0;2001,81,195897.0;2001,9,458671.0;2001,5396,221905.0;2001,234,198614.0;2001,78,58618.0;2001,77,310000.0;2001,75,133663.0;2001,3897,200000.0;2001,74,106419.0;2001,287,30613.0;2001,235,15919.0;2001,73,51268.0;2001,70,400000.0;2001,68,45218.0;2001,72,83125.0;2001,64,25967.0;2001,13,210630.0;2001,221,117782.0;2001,238,178864.0;2001,84,112550.0;2001,255,44182.0;2001,61,88776.0;2001,60,32000.0;2001,80,48333.0;2001,355,153985.0;2001,273,64941.0;2001,462,52231.0;2001,463,70932.0;2001,464,345777.0;2001,465,195165.0;2001,466,106019.0;2001,290,194541.0;2001,450,209101.0;2001,477,363913.0;2001,436,128103.0;2001,295,170906.0;2001,275,213573.0;2001,467,215622.0;2001,470,276364.0;2001,471,170012.0;2001,472,177763.0;2001,276,428407.0;2001,475,428407.0;2001,277,154726.0;2001,34981,305349.0;2001,478,138531.0;2001,34752,53787.0;2001,479,45500.0;2001,318,426401.0;2002,159,45584.0;2002,158,58621.0;2002,202,70862.0;2002,253,83905.0;2002,203,73684.0;2002,153,64387.0;2002,150,35000.0;2002,149,168522.0;2002,206,34167.0;2002,252,232558.0;2002,254,230000.0;2002,148,603992.0;2002,147,37733.0;2002,94,98336.0;2002,146,72712.0;2002,145,68444.0;2002,139,398431.0;2002,137,279916.0;2002,136,586532.0;2002,135,262500.0;2002,133,408475.0;2002,8,243325.0;2002,132,80741.0;2002,14,44444.0;2002,130,207908.0;2002,129,137290.0;2002,204,50526.0;2002,125,118160.0;2002,124,267695.0;2002,121,108987.0;2002,118,58252.0;2002,117,200000.0;2002,116,205406.0;2002,211,300000.0;2002,115,613133.0;2002,284,311431.0;2002,213,120000.0;2002,113,293544.0;2002,222,52867.0;2002,216,38231.0;2002,110,363087.0;2002,109,64286.0;2002,107,160678.0;2002,220,13500.0;2002,105,511488.0;2002,261,20369.0;2002,140,292581.0;2002,217,126111.0;2002,101,48038.0;2002,100,445586.0;2002,99,140984.0;2002,98,50010.0;2002,96,132532.0;2002,95,250247.0;2002,93,150355.0;2002,245,50088.0;2002,91,77603.0;2002,229,180556.0;2002,230,100000.0;2002,239,50000.0;2002,232,71653.0;2002,89,215276.0;2002,233,222222.0;2002,195,30000.0;2002,82,167727.0;2002,81,356811.0;2002,9,445291.0;2002,5396,270833.0;2002,234,37057.0;2002,78,58723.0;2002,77,236129.0;2002,75,148238.0;2002,3897,181818.0;2002,74,105882.0;2002,287,30697.0;2002,235,15832.0;2002,73,52000.0;2002,70,398323.0;2002,68,45036.0;2002,72,100769.0;2002,64,59483.0;2002,13,168587.0;2002,221,117391.0;2002,238,159168.0;2002,84,114390.0;2002,255,46620.0;2002,61,87798.0;2002,60,31920.0;2002,80,48091.0;2002,355,156448.0;2002,273,78321.0;2002,462,67510.0;2002,463,74902.0;2002,464,363012.0;2002,465,353924.0;2002,466,108402.0;2002,290,196166.0;2002,450,168452.0;2002,477,398793.0;2002,436,130706.0;2002,295,168673.0;2002,275,211078.0;2002,467,224575.0;2002,470,255918.0;2002,471,175080.0;2002,472,190585.0;2002,276,417391.0;2002,475,417391.0;2002,277,147126.0;2002,34981,248998.0;2002,478,138732.0;2002,34752,53188.0;2002,479,45958.0;2002,318,415918.0;2002,454,68089.0;2002,34987,67008.0;2002,5398,125487.0;2002,34988,116402.0;2002,34989,83851.0;2002,246,24271.0;2002,19,150000.0;2002,20,111111.0;2002,21,209302.0;2002,23,248998.0;2002,26,128000.0;2002,27,91722.0;2002,28,145589.0;2002,29,54286.0;2002,31,222323.0;2002,32,51752.0;2002,194,164813.0;2002,34,96156.0;2002,37,127685.0;2002,196,96583.0;2002,38,39239.0;2002,41,53433.0;2002,18581,298050.0;2002,42,42319.0;2002,43,89521.0;2002,197,13949.0;2002,174,61279.0;2002,171,224638.0;2002,34845,224175.0;2002,34979,236625.0;2002,170,281968.0;2002,169,57991.0;2002,168,80024.0;2002,199,40000.0;2002,166,468209.0;2002,143,448990.0;2002,164,76246.0;2002,163,362069.0;2002,167,37370.0;2002,200,100000.0;2002,160,317093.0;2002,201,244377.0;2002,65,415348.0;2003,246,24222.0;2003,19,191176.0;2003,20,110526.0;2003,21,207975.0;2003,23,248402.0;2003,26,125926.0;2003,27,91848.0;2003,28,143270.0;2003,29,54545.0;2003,31,304731.0;2003,32,51986.0;2003,194,163225.0;2003,34,94189.0;2003,37,133460.0;2003,196,96522.0;2003,38,39600.0;2003,41,55494.0;2003,18581,298819.0;2003,42,42424.0;2003,43,93258.0;2003,197,13523.0;2003,174,61111.0;2003,171,231095.0;2003,34845,231048.0;2003,34979,232355.0;2003,170,290589.0;2003,169,56481.0;2003,168,72727.0;2003,199,42857.0;2003,166,513447.0;2003,143,429982.0;2003,164,106615.0;2003,163,364286.0;2003,167,37370.0;2003,200,100000.0;2003,160,317205.0;2003,201,276024.0;2003,65,408732.0;2003,159,46457.0;2003,158,60224.0;2003,202,71111.0;2003,253,87440.0;2003,203,74000.0;2003,153,64519.0;2003,150,38095.0;2003,149,168391.0;2003,206,34444.0;2003,252,295705.0;2003,254,229862.0;2003,148,540044.0;2003,147,38076.0;2003,94,95556.0;2003,146,69575.0;2003,145,67391.0;2003,139,420749.0;2003,137,277910.0;2003,136,487473.0;2003,135,150170.0;2003,133,363496.0;2003,8,244673.0;2003,132,79310.0;2003,14,56792.0;2003,130,174222.0;2003,129,128066.0;2003,204,50709.0;2003,125,144444.0;2003,124,260712.0;2003,121,109133.0;2003,118,58252.0;2003,117,207101.0;2003,116,203846.0;2003,211,275000.0;2003,115,692308.0;2003,284,140640.0;2003,213,222243.0;2003,113,282565.0;2003,222,52926.0;2003,216,37778.0;2003,110,354209.0;2003,109,57303.0;2003,107,167742.0;2003,220,15529.0;2003,105,587480.0;2003,261,20321.0;2003,140,278777.0;2003,217,114087.0;2003,101,48759.0;2003,100,433987.0;2003,99,140323.0;2003,98,49621.0;2003,96,131593.0;2003,95,248507.0;2003,93,222434.0;2003,245,51372.0;2003,91,66884.0;2003,229,104167.0;2003,230,100000.0;2003,239,49494.0;2003,232,60000.0;2003,89,203970.0;2003,233,196667.0;2003,195,28571.0;2003,82,167727.0;2003,81,391139.0;2003,9,416846.0;2003,5396,285714.0;2003,234,159750.0;2003,78,59384.0;2003,77,281248.0;2003,75,132483.0;2003,3897,166667.0;2003,74,106907.0;2003,287,30734.0;2003,235,15748.0;2003,73,52344.0;2003,70,436508.0;2003,68,44802.0;2003,72,131538.0;2003,64,48212.0;2003,13,187747.0;2003,221,116260.0;2003,238,164597.0;2003,84,144184.0;2003,255,49315.0;2003,61,87775.0;2003,60,31852.0;2003,80,47368.0;2003,355,156445.0;2003,273,74390.0;2003,462,61484.0;2003,463,82266.0;2003,464,359257.0;2003,465,387024.0;2003,466,108910.0;2003,290,204715.0;2003,450,186881.0;2003,477,397519.0;2003,436,125296.0;2003,295,181362.0;2003,275,209174.0;2003,467,231061.0;2003,470,253671.0;2003,471,170108.0;2003,472,188612.0;2003,276,392661.0;2003,475,392661.0;2003,277,144513.0;2003,34981,248402.0;2003,478,138858.0;2003,34752,53298.0;2003,479,46112.0;2003,318,391965.0;2003,454,64869.0;2003,34987,63881.0;2003,5398,124139.0;2003,34988,113222.0;2003,34989,80882.0;2004,318,401344.0;2004,454,73026.0;2004,34987,63938.0;2004,5398,128383.0;2004,34988,127799.0;2004,34989,88860.0;2004,17,267143.0;2004,246,24170.0;2004,19,177778.0;2004,20,110000.0;2004,21,208162.0;2004,23,236845.0;2004,26,125000.0;2004,27,92202.0;2004,28,143379.0;2004,29,55217.0;2004,31,335346.0;2004,32,51923.0;2004,194,161770.0;2004,34,94821.0;2004,37,134073.0;2004,196,96282.0;2004,38,40579.0;2004,41,52885.0;2004,18581,299871.0;2004,42,41875.0;2004,43,97151.0;2004,197,12727.0;2004,174,61122.0;2004,171,226958.0;2004,34845,227629.0;2004,34979,207541.0;2004,170,270313.0;2004,169,56364.0;2004,168,74069.0;2004,199,41667.0;2004,166,501231.0;2004,143,449002.0;2004,164,133604.0;2004,163,274046.0;2004,167,37370.0;2004,200,100000.0;2004,160,312569.0;2004,201,270716.0;2004,65,411435.0;2004,159,47296.0;2004,158,63366.0;2004,202,70000.0;2004,253,91950.0;2004,203,71583.0;2004,153,64893.0;2004,150,40000.0;2004,149,176607.0;2004,206,33333.0;2004,252,247867.0;2004,254,230096.0;2004,148,544118.0;2004,147,38403.0;2004,94,99916.0;2004,146,66033.0;2004,145,66667.0;2004,139,422385.0;2004,137,283998.0;2004,136,510765.0;2004,135,198337.0;2004,133,496923.0;2004,8,245818.0;2004,132,80645.0;2004,14,37031.0;2004,130,287879.0;2004,129,126849.0;2004,204,50000.0;2004,125,162222.0;2004,124,305714.0;2004,121,109258.0;2004,118,58654.0;2004,117,200000.0;2004,116,170000.0;2004,211,283781.0;2004,115,411178.0;2004,284,159280.0;2004,213,227273.0;2004,113,299889.0;2004,222,52977.0;2004,216,37317.0;2004,110,363462.0;2004,109,71724.0;2004,107,142264.0;2004,220,16880.0;2004,105,559786.0;2004,261,20274.0;2004,140,399476.0;2004,217,119048.0;2004,101,45190.0;2004,100,423837.0;2004,99,140800.0;2004,98,34284.0;2004,96,135853.0;2004,95,247508.0;2004,93,232374.0;2004,245,51471.0;2004,91,67965.0;2004,229,120332.0;2004,230,100000.0;2004,239,49504.0;2004,232,60119.0;2004,89,244217.0;2004,233,247778.0;2004,195,28182.0;2004,82,167727.0;2004,81,349709.0;2004,9,430387.0;2004,5396,284014.0;2004,234,236107.0;2004,78,62500.0;2004,77,309584.0;2004,75,112751.0;2004,3897,150849.0;2004,74,107540.0;2004,287,30768.0;2004,235,15669.0;2004,73,52308.0;2004,70,433333.0;2004,68,44558.0;2004,72,132143.0;2004,64,78741.0;2004,13,185926.0;2004,221,116000.0;2004,238,138380.0;2004,84,143719.0;2004,255,50267.0;2004,61,96815.0;2004,60,32017.0;2004,80,48047.0;2004,355,164777.0;2004,273,82302.0;2004,462,69494.0;2004,463,86121.0;2004,464,354795.0;2004,465,344077.0;2004,466,112506.0;2004,290,205718.0;2004,450,184789.0;2004,477,400191.0;2004,436,130001.0;2004,295,178807.0;2004,275,217106.0;2004,467,226913.0;2004,470,261118.0;2004,471,175788.0;2004,472,236136.0;2004,276,404314.0;2004,475,404314.0;2004,277,143041.0;2004,34981,236845.0;2004,478,138630.0;2004,34752,52755.0;2004,479,46153.0;2005,159,48135.0;2005,158,75244.0;2005,202,67410.0;2005,253,94937.0;2005,203,74769.0;2005,153,64581.0;2005,150,40000.0;2005,149,234132.0;2005,206,33565.0;2005,252,267560.0;2005,254,230326.0;2005,148,266450.0;2005,147,38762.0;2005,94,100989.0;2005,146,76120.0;2005,145,65789.0;2005,139,432023.0;2005,137,331656.0;2005,136,510285.0;2005,135,213183.0;2005,133,467567.0;2005,8,246442.0;2005,132,79506.0;2005,14,33636.0;2005,130,250008.0;2005,129,150000.0;2005,204,51290.0;2005,125,148000.0;2005,124,290000.0;2005,121,109101.0;2005,118,57407.0;2005,117,194737.0;2005,116,150000.0;2005,211,307700.0;2005,115,689089.0;2005,284,354233.0;2005,213,222265.0;2005,113,292316.0;2005,222,53025.0;2005,216,36856.0;2005,110,358491.0;2005,109,88750.0;2005,107,142239.0;2005,220,24433.0;2005,105,458778.0;2005,261,20229.0;2005,140,400000.0;2005,217,120106.0;2005,101,50282.0;2005,100,422335.0;2005,99,140625.0;2005,98,38402.0;2005,97,140000.0;2005,96,150764.0;2005,95,247200.0;2005,93,232314.0;2005,245,51136.0;2005,91,71781.0;2005,229,102350.0;2005,230,100000.0;2005,239,49551.0;2005,232,60000.0;2005,89,280266.0;2005,233,213889.0;2005,195,28636.0;2005,82,169652.0;2005,81,505045.0;2005,9,361306.0;2005,5396,339286.0;2005,234,349004.0;2005,78,60606.0;2005,77,338095.0;2005,75,136892.0;2005,3897,130728.0;2005,74,108185.0;2005,287,32070.0;2005,235,15589.0;2005,73,51852.0;2005,70,416667.0;2005,68,44301.0;2005,72,133333.0;2005,64,62336.0;2005,13,238791.0;2005,221,115385.0;2005,238,150984.0;2005,84,143152.0;2005,255,53734.0;2005,61,99069.0;2005,60,32223.0;2005,80,47500.0;2005,355,172952.0;2005,273,83826.0;2005,462,69329.0;2005,463,89860.0;2005,464,384849.0;2005,465,484931.0;2005,466,107261.0;2005,290,205248.0;2005,450,234997.0;2005,477,342225.0;2005,436,145697.0;2005,295,181802.0;2005,275,239440.0;2005,467,233764.0;2005,470,302845.0;2005,471,189191.0;2005,472,233364.0;2005,276,346262.0;2005,475,346262.0;2005,277,144763.0;2005,34981,256317.0;2005,478,138508.0;2005,34752,53641.0;2005,479,46612.0;2005,318,344866.0;2005,454,73762.0;2005,34987,66654.0;2005,5398,136486.0;2005,34988,138177.0;2005,34989,91466.0;2005,17,231667.0;2005,246,24116.0;2005,19,184615.0;2005,20,103675.0;2005,21,208324.0;2005,23,256317.0;2005,26,125000.0;2005,27,92615.0;2005,28,166854.0;2005,29,55000.0;2005,31,292308.0;2005,32,52091.0;2005,194,159690.0;2005,34,95748.0;2005,37,136475.0;2005,196,95983.0;2005,38,40000.0;2005,41,56028.0;2005,18581,300000.0;2005,42,43029.0;2005,43,96256.0;2005,197,12648.0;2005,174,60541.0;2005,171,233803.0;2005,34845,235908.0;2005,34979,168078.0;2005,170,266851.0;2005,169,57522.0;2005,168,73137.0;2005,199,40000.0;2005,166,455683.0;2005,143,449970.0;2005,164,155300.0;2005,163,283560.0;2005,167,37370.0;2005,200,100000.0;2005,160,311236.0;2005,201,276745.0;2005,65,428121.0;2006,17,110000.0;2006,246,24063.0;2006,19,189655.0;2006,20,101336.0;2006,21,210465.0;2006,23,167787.0;2006,26,125000.0;2006,27,90909.0;2006,28,162777.0;2006,29,54400.0;2006,31,317133.0;2006,32,52033.0;2006,194,158169.0;2006,34,96104.0;2006,37,137859.0;2006,196,101429.0;2006,38,39700.0;2006,41,57409.0;2006,18581,300000.0;2006,42,43333.0;2006,43,98638.0;2006,197,12205.0;2006,174,61170.0;2006,171,240544.0;2006,34845,241547.0;2006,34979,212155.0;2006,170,253678.0;2006,169,57377.0;2006,168,72332.0;2006,199,40121.0;2006,166,530030.0;2006,143,449977.0;2006,164,131698.0;2006,163,269231.0;2006,167,37370.0;2006,200,100000.0;2006,160,259483.0;2006,201,292671.0;2006,65,430126.0;2006,159,48974.0;2006,158,74909.0;2006,202,75000.0;2006,253,100901.0;2006,203,50727.0;2006,153,65215.0;2006,150,80000.0;2006,149,215629.0;2006,206,32258.0;2006,252,245305.0;2006,254,230553.0;2006,148,392676.0;2006,147,38272.0;2006,94,100000.0;2006,146,66000.0;2006,145,65728.0;2006,139,297335.0;2006,137,347531.0;2006,136,535082.0;2006,135,251429.0;2006,133,457283.0;2006,8,225000.0;2006,132,79137.0;2006,14,33333.0;2006,130,290635.0;2006,129,150000.0;2006,204,52381.0;2006,125,150000.0;2006,124,291333.0;2006,121,110000.0;2006,118,57273.0;2006,117,194872.0;2006,116,152000.0;2006,211,322281.0;2006,115,652778.0;2006,284,352146.0;2006,213,223929.0;2006,113,295428.0;2006,222,53069.0;2006,216,36400.0;2006,110,366426.0;2006,109,87500.0;2006,107,142177.0;2006,220,59894.0;2006,105,546082.0;2006,261,20186.0;2006,140,299625.0;2006,217,116667.0;2006,101,43122.0;2006,100,441682.0;2006,99,146032.0;2006,98,34865.0;2006,97,154688.0;2006,96,158454.0;2006,95,246154.0;2006,93,232222.0;2006,245,52632.0;2006,91,72438.0;2006,229,108556.0;2006,230,100000.0;2006,239,50575.0;2006,232,60862.0;2006,89,245499.0;2006,233,218889.0;2006,195,28571.0;2006,82,169725.0;2006,81,498100.0;2006,9,363451.0;2006,5396,283179.0;2006,234,337631.0;2006,78,62500.0;2006,77,350000.0;2006,75,132524.0;2006,3897,111716.0;2006,74,108848.0;2006,287,31527.0;2006,235,14545.0;2006,73,44020.0;2006,70,455069.0;2006,68,44055.0;2006,72,170000.0;2006,64,70202.0;2006,13,190370.0;2006,221,114800.0;2006,238,148508.0;2006,84,143617.0;2006,255,55263.0;2006,61,121590.0;2006,60,31818.0;2006,80,49448.0;2006,355,175166.0;2006,273,84655.0;2006,462,71592.0;2006,463,93702.0;2006,464,360523.0;2006,465,469768.0;2006,466,118290.0;2006,290,211080.0;2006,450,188855.0;2006,477,378422.0;2006,436,135883.0;2006,295,184128.0;2006,275,248233.0;2006,467,240501.0;2006,470,316199.0;2006,471,191907.0;2006,472,252423.0;2006,276,347199.0;2006,475,347199.0;2006,277,138666.0;2006,34981,167787.0;2006,478,144216.0;2006,34752,54422.0;2006,479,46764.0;2006,318,345410.0;2006,454,75576.0;2006,34987,67813.0;2006,5398,133467.0;2006,34988,141014.0;2006,34989,89565.0;2007,318,355970.0;2007,454,80205.0;2007,34987,70109.0;2007,5398,129724.0;2007,34988,155296.0;2007,34989,94651.0;2007,17,200000.0;2007,246,23939.0;2007,19,214822.0;2007,20,98746.0;2007,21,209195.0;2007,23,182810.0;2007,26,142693.0;2007,27,95214.0;2007,28,170860.0;2007,29,55385.0;2007,31,271829.0;2007,32,52830.0;2007,194,157103.0;2007,34,95181.0;2007,37,137739.0;2007,196,95641.0;2007,38,31111.0;2007,41,65407.0;2007,18581,295652.0;2007,42,43333.0;2007,43,169999.0;2007,197,11750.0;2007,174,61538.0;2007,171,252958.0;2007,34845,254294.0;2007,34979,216293.0;2007,170,256050.0;2007,169,57334.0;2007,168,71335.0;2007,199,40000.0;2007,166,536322.0;2007,143,450000.0;2007,164,136000.0;2007,163,275194.0;2007,167,37364.0;2007,200,100000.0;2007,160,265736.0;2007,201,304053.0;2007,65,438307.0;2007,159,49813.0;2007,158,66215.0;2007,202,63378.0;2007,253,102195.0;2007,203,56700.0;2007,153,65000.0;2007,150,79861.0;2007,149,206092.0;2007,206,34010.0;2007,252,200403.0;2007,254,230777.0;2007,148,393970.0;2007,147,39024.0;2007,94,100000.0;2007,146,65557.0;2007,145,65556.0;2007,139,297261.0;2007,137,362052.0;2007,136,555743.0;2007,135,252530.0;2007,133,452661.0;2007,8,247063.0;2007,132,78890.0;2007,14,35558.0;2007,130,226394.0;2007,129,150000.0;2007,204,52727.0;2007,125,168745.0;2007,124,300000.0;2007,121,109091.0;2007,118,58036.0;2007,117,195000.0;2007,116,114843.0;2007,211,254571.0;2007,115,456327.0;2007,284,233537.0;2007,213,194526.0;2007,113,259685.0;2007,222,53846.0;2007,216,35948.0;2007,110,373915.0;2007,109,83400.0;2007,107,142322.0;2007,220,39186.0;2007,105,612290.0;2007,261,20000.0;2007,140,292498.0;2007,217,118653.0;2007,101,44424.0;2007,100,439647.0;2007,99,144615.0;2007,98,50000.0;2007,97,162778.0;2007,96,171354.0;2007,95,250000.0;2007,93,232609.0;2007,245,52174.0;2007,91,70684.0;2007,229,101216.0;2007,230,100000.0;2007,239,52273.0;2007,232,90306.0;2007,89,228571.0;2007,233,222222.0;2007,195,29091.0;2007,82,169803.0;2007,81,493927.0;2007,9,374349.0;2007,5396,285714.0;2007,234,372753.0;2007,78,46154.0;2007,77,380000.0;2007,75,146135.0;2007,3897,71429.0;2007,74,109534.0;2007,287,31376.0;2007,235,14737.0;2007,73,38139.0;2007,70,428814.0;2007,68,43631.0;2007,72,170000.0;2007,64,76221.0;2007,13,220760.0;2007,221,111538.0;2007,238,146414.0;2007,84,142632.0;2007,255,55844.0;2007,61,126320.0;2007,60,33185.0;2007,80,53239.0;2007,355,186698.0;2007,273,91282.0;2007,462,74119.0;2007,463,119734.0;2007,464,367816.0;2007,465,423794.0;2007,466,119032.0;2007,290,211760.0;2007,450,218368.0;2007,477,367307.0;2007,436,128767.0;2007,295,185193.0;2007,275,262303.0;2007,467,252918.0;2007,470,330763.0;2007,471,203345.0;2007,472,249618.0;2007,276,357872.0;2007,475,357872.0;2007,277,139667.0;2007,34981,182810.0;2007,478,142571.0;2007,34752,54811.0;2007,479,48046.0;2008,159,50652.0;2008,158,66864.0;2008,202,29837.0;2008,253,105000.0;2008,203,73846.0;2008,153,67895.0;2008,150,87500.0;2008,149,211765.0;2008,206,34000.0;2008,252,233162.0;2008,254,230999.0;2008,148,422187.0;2008,147,39036.0;2008,94,109434.0;2008,146,51167.0;2008,145,65612.0;2008,139,296036.0;2008,137,369774.0;2008,136,557061.0;2008,135,291429.0;2008,133,425930.0;2008,8,233333.0;2008,132,80444.0;2008,14,36278.0;2008,130,254378.0;2008,129,203819.0;2008,204,52072.0;2008,125,139496.0;2008,124,299000.0;2008,121,109091.0;2008,118,57252.0;2008,117,195050.0;2008,116,120234.0;2008,211,256563.0;2008,115,245785.0;2008,284,299360.0;2008,213,208426.0;2008,113,276791.0;2008,222,53074.0;2008,216,35504.0;2008,110,377815.0;2008,109,76563.0;2008,107,153830.0;2008,220,44070.0;2008,105,495697.0;2008,261,20119.0;2008,140,304762.0;2008,217,119097.0;2008,101,43632.0;2008,100,438963.0;2008,99,142647.0;2008,98,78452.0;2008,97,163881.0;2008,96,198079.0;2008,95,245552.0;2008,93,235441.0;2008,245,52632.0;2008,91,70378.0;2008,229,104281.0;2008,230,100000.0;2008,239,49847.0;2008,232,93342.0;2008,89,283784.0;2008,233,211111.0;2008,195,28261.0;2008,82,169804.0;2008,81,494517.0;2008,9,403904.0;2008,5396,282098.0;2008,234,479849.0;2008,78,57713.0;2008,77,383333.0;2008,75,116270.0;2008,3897,50028.0;2008,74,108333.0;2008,287,31228.0;2008,235,15224.0;2008,73,28125.0;2008,70,464898.0;2008,68,43335.0;2008,72,170000.0;2008,64,58160.0;2008,13,177303.0;2008,221,110132.0;2008,238,139739.0;2008,84,147368.0;2008,255,62329.0;2008,61,128732.0;2008,60,33936.0;2008,80,55840.0;2008,355,191602.0;2008,273,91072.0;2008,462,73004.0;2008,463,118592.0;2008,464,372761.0;2008,465,448771.0;2008,466,104105.0;2008,290,216413.0;2008,450,175803.0;2008,477,368251.0;2008,436,123927.0;2008,295,191263.0;2008,275,271424.0;2008,467,244490.0;2008,470,339944.0;2008,471,216827.0;2008,472,245532.0;2008,276,382063.0;2008,475,382063.0;2008,277,137157.0;2008,34981,210150.0;2008,478,137079.0;2008,34752,54085.0;2008,479,47332.0;2008,318,378473.0;2008,454,76405.0;2008,34987,71147.0;2008,5398,127023.0;2008,34988,160147.0;2008,34989,92747.0;2008,17,214820.0;2008,246,23922.0;2008,19,179816.0;2008,20,95219.0;2008,21,208735.0;2008,23,210150.0;2008,26,168880.0;2008,27,97023.0;2008,28,164656.0;2008,29,55744.0;2008,31,322518.0;2008,32,53704.0;2008,194,145455.0;2008,34,94903.0;2008,37,136390.0;2008,196,95122.0;2008,38,32000.0;2008,41,70398.0;2008,18581,308624.0;2008,42,47188.0;2008,43,170000.0;2008,197,11283.0;2008,174,61616.0;2008,171,244519.0;2008,34845,246528.0;2008,34979,187018.0;2008,170,274546.0;2008,169,57393.0;2008,168,70245.0;2008,199,39862.0;2008,166,479995.0;2008,143,453176.0;2008,164,119933.0;2008,163,226000.0;2008,167,37370.0;2008,200,97066.0;2008,160,242561.0;2008,201,310928.0;2008,65,447669.0;2009,17,220496.0;2009,246,23849.0;2009,19,186627.0;2009,20,91961.0;2009,21,208744.0;2009,23,225478.0;2009,26,188072.0;2009,27,98957.0;2009,28,156048.0;2009,29,56123.0;2009,31,340780.0;2009,32,51512.0;2009,194,154546.0;2009,34,90117.0;2009,37,141436.0;2009,196,94607.0;2009,38,33567.0;2009,41,83901.0;2009,18581,312027.0;2009,42,46364.0;2009,43,170139.0;2009,197,10802.0;2009,174,62500.0;2009,171,257163.0;2009,34845,260741.0;2009,34979,151042.0;2009,170,278590.0;2009,169,57456.0;2009,168,65911.0;2009,199,39858.0;2009,166,421411.0;2009,143,392272.0;2009,164,74287.0;2009,163,275720.0;2009,167,37370.0;2009,200,100000.0;2009,160,326409.0;2009,201,353392.0;2009,65,467994.0;2009,159,51490.0;2009,158,70929.0;2009,202,62208.0;2009,253,104762.0;2009,203,75000.0;2009,153,69767.0;2009,150,89655.0;2009,149,225843.0;2009,206,33960.0;2009,252,281043.0;2009,254,231218.0;2009,148,428388.0;2009,147,43500.0;2009,94,108772.0;2009,146,63340.0;2009,145,65925.0;2009,139,300316.0;2009,137,343626.0;2009,136,535510.0;2009,135,264702.0;2009,133,467550.0;2009,8,243214.0;2009,132,79947.0;2009,14,36087.0;2009,130,251342.0;2009,129,241373.0;2009,204,51948.0;2009,125,127962.0;2009,124,288722.0;2009,121,109821.0;2009,118,56070.0;2009,117,195122.0;2009,116,126389.0;2009,211,255294.0;2009,115,410260.0;2009,284,332150.0;2009,213,221053.0;2009,113,294468.0;2009,222,53035.0;2009,216,35069.0;2009,110,392857.0;2009,109,70000.0;2009,107,155494.0;2009,220,27262.0;2009,105,655345.0;2009,261,20095.0;2009,140,315715.0;2009,217,118596.0;2009,101,44452.0;2009,100,439089.0;2009,99,140000.0;2009,98,78453.0;2009,97,164384.0;2009,96,201921.0;2009,95,239942.0;2009,93,244756.0;2009,245,51312.0;2009,91,86664.0;2009,229,104542.0;2009,230,100000.0;2009,239,49531.0;2009,232,64176.0;2009,89,213636.0;2009,233,200000.0;2009,195,27500.0;2009,82,169804.0;2009,81,494407.0;2009,9,386834.0;2009,5396,285714.0;2009,234,419088.0;2009,78,60000.0;2009,77,333333.0;2009,75,114754.0;2009,3897,50000.0;2009,74,113111.0;2009,287,31087.0;2009,235,15138.0;2009,73,36250.0;2009,70,471890.0;2009,68,43041.0;2009,72,150000.0;2009,64,59203.0;2009,13,188539.0;2009,221,108566.0;2009,238,134461.0;2009,84,152556.0;2009,255,66413.0;2009,61,129012.0;2009,60,34500.0;2009,80,58224.0;2009,355,194749.0;2009,273,97237.0;2009,462,78982.0;2009,463,123526.0;2009,464,382295.0;2009,465,445568.0;2009,466,110881.0;2009,290,226185.0;2009,450,186938.0;2009,477,364793.0;2009,436,124454.0;2009,295,207268.0;2009,275,266879.0;2009,467,257140.0;2009,470,318464.0;2009,471,219626.0;2009,472,248674.0;2009,276,366707.0;2009,475,366707.0;2009,277,141241.0;2009,34981,225478.0;2009,478,137943.0;2009,34752,53954.0;2009,479,47635.0;2009,318,364657.0;2009,454,81763.0;2009,34987,81966.0;2009,5398,126533.0;2009,34988,159762.0;2009,34989,98019.0;2010,318,405194.0;2010,454,83940.0;2010,34987,75919.0;2010,5398,134074.0;2010,34988,169653.0;2010,34989,99964.0;2010,17,225602.0;2010,246,23774.0;2010,19,188335.0;2010,20,88463.0;2010,21,208834.0;2010,23,261780.0;2010,26,208238.0;2010,27,100984.0;2010,28,151680.0;2010,29,56412.0;2010,31,315462.0;2010,32,50931.0;2010,194,155550.0;2010,34,91808.0;2010,37,142875.0;2010,196,94094.0;2010,38,33197.0;2010,41,66920.0;2010,18581,315355.0;2010,42,44508.0;2010,43,172958.0;2010,197,10541.0;2010,174,61463.0;2010,171,265624.0;2010,34845,267568.0;2010,34979,214001.0;2010,170,258633.0;2010,169,57431.0;2010,168,68504.0;2010,199,40119.0;2010,166,469389.0;2010,143,406187.0;2010,164,91780.0;2010,163,257940.0;2010,167,37370.0;2010,200,91304.0;2010,160,275711.0;2010,201,367780.0;2010,65,453980.0;2010,159,52329.0;2010,158,84856.0;2010,202,55727.0;2010,253,103071.0;2010,203,73750.0;2010,153,75000.0;2010,150,95890.0;2010,149,222689.0;2010,206,33784.0;2010,252,173237.0;2010,254,231436.0;2010,148,414465.0;2010,147,46816.0;2010,94,111146.0;2010,146,65273.0;2010,145,65958.0;2010,139,383823.0;2010,137,358795.0;2010,136,568256.0;2010,135,263135.0;2010,133,448168.0;2010,8,242466.0;2010,132,71532.0;2010,14,35410.0;2010,130,236120.0;2010,129,189684.0;2010,204,51859.0;2010,125,142028.0;2010,124,289435.0;2010,121,108851.0;2010,118,54917.0;2010,117,217360.0;2010,116,137642.0;2010,211,275037.0;2010,115,416072.0;2010,284,312014.0;2010,213,220221.0;2010,113,273423.0;2010,222,52994.0;2010,216,34000.0;2010,110,416433.0;2010,109,71253.0;2010,107,156618.0;2010,220,31953.0;2010,105,471996.0;2010,261,20072.0;2010,140,325644.0;2010,217,152382.0;2010,101,47699.0;2010,100,400409.0;2010,99,150000.0;2010,98,75286.0;2010,97,165957.0;2010,96,202503.0;2010,95,233310.0;2010,93,252219.0;2010,245,51200.0;2010,91,82366.0;2010,229,108510.0;2010,230,98384.0;2010,239,49160.0;2010,232,149288.0;2010,89,204641.0;2010,233,197778.0;2010,195,25914.0;2010,82,169804.0;2010,81,507673.0;2010,9,434999.0;2010,5396,285714.0;2010,234,453013.0;2010,78,60209.0;2010,77,315000.0;2010,75,118695.0;2010,3897,49650.0;2010,74,116667.0;2010,287,35000.0;2010,235,15051.0;2010,73,35000.0;2010,70,474657.0;2010,68,41958.0;2010,72,147011.0;2010,64,75512.0;2010,13,181438.0;2010,221,106667.0;2010,238,97198.0;2010,84,157357.0;2010,255,70852.0;2010,61,129305.0;2010,60,34286.0;2010,80,60667.0;2010,355,200767.0;2010,273,99061.0;2010,462,79458.0;2010,463,127218.0;2010,464,373853.0;2010,465,458563.0;2010,466,121379.0;2010,290,227150.0;2010,450,180325.0;2010,477,370843.0;2010,436,129308.0;2010,295,206904.0;2010,275,275996.0;2010,467,265606.0;2010,470,335060.0;2010,471,217900.0;2010,472,247056.0;2010,276,408465.0;2010,475,408465.0;2010,277,152436.0;2010,34981,261780.0;2010,478,147424.0;2010,34752,53701.0;2010,479,47882.0;2011,159,53168.0;2011,158,81200.0;2011,202,53346.0;2011,253,102000.0;2011,203,70792.0;2011,153,76364.0;2011,150,100671.0;2011,149,227246.0;2011,206,33745.0;2011,252,215637.0;2011,254,231652.0;2011,148,405989.0;2011,147,52500.0;2011,94,114032.0;2011,146,65119.0;2011,145,65949.0;2011,139,383822.0;2011,137,357252.0;2011,136,588799.0;2011,135,259416.0;2011,133,483007.0;2011,8,241676.0;2011,132,72906.0;2011,14,34734.0;2011,130,245074.0;2011,129,242873.0;2011,204,51852.0;2011,125,142680.0;2011,124,300969.0;2011,121,108445.0;2011,118,53846.0;2011,117,237192.0;2011,116,105136.0;2011,211,287981.0;2011,115,433081.0;2011,284,379266.0;2011,213,212153.0;2011,113,287907.0;2011,222,52951.0;2011,216,34443.0;2011,110,442613.0;2011,109,75705.0;2011,107,152330.0;2011,220,38138.0;2011,105,532493.0;2011,261,20050.0;2011,140,326234.0;2011,217,140796.0;2011,101,43689.0;2011,100,306342.0;2011,99,157143.0;2011,98,78450.0;2011,97,166667.0;2011,96,203611.0;2011,95,227273.0;2011,93,258114.0;2011,245,50925.0;2011,91,87649.0;2011,229,102641.0;2011,230,98686.0;2011,239,48751.0;2011,232,392069.0;2011,89,245603.0;2011,233,203444.0;2011,195,24725.0;2011,82,169804.0;2011,81,512929.0;2011,9,378937.0;2011,5396,285964.0;2011,234,415934.0;2011,78,60417.0;2011,77,366000.0;2011,75,149105.0;2011,3897,30083.0;2011,74,118656.0;2011,287,28000.0;2011,235,14964.0;2011,73,35000.0;2011,70,458178.0;2011,68,41429.0;2011,72,174578.0;2011,64,59086.0;2011,13,194889.0;2011,221,105292.0;2011,238,101413.0;2011,84,163682.0;2011,255,75554.0;2011,61,126293.0;2011,60,38235.0;2011,80,63045.0;2011,355,197551.0;2011,273,94811.0;2011,462,72937.0;2011,463,135207.0;2011,464,375272.0;2011,465,461580.0;2011,466,122729.0;2011,290,226154.0;2011,450,193087.0;2011,477,376736.0;2011,436,122455.0;2011,295,207489.0;2011,275,280616.0;2011,467,268102.0;2011,470,334854.0;2011,471,230070.0;2011,472,244672.0;2011,276,360586.0;2011,475,360586.0;2011,277,148069.0;2011,34981,181092.0;2011,478,154490.0;2011,34752,53635.0;2011,479,48214.0;2011,318,358164.0;2011,454,82340.0;2011,34987,76098.0;2011,5398,132023.0;2011,34988,158577.0;2011,34989,97264.0;2011,17,230047.0;2011,246,23697.0;2011,19,252608.0;2011,20,84741.0;2011,21,208949.0;2011,23,181092.0;2011,26,242134.0;2011,27,103071.0;2011,28,151539.0;2011,29,56611.0;2011,31,276022.0;2011,32,50268.0;2011,194,156603.0;2011,34,92346.0;2011,37,145613.0;2011,196,93582.0;2011,38,32869.0;2011,41,60877.0;2011,18581,328520.0;2011,42,44075.0;2011,43,122441.0;2011,197,9734.0;2011,174,62000.0;2011,171,268115.0;2011,34845,269402.0;2011,34979,230625.0;2011,170,260024.0;2011,169,57407.0;2011,168,70939.0;2011,199,39979.0;2011,166,505808.0;2011,143,451683.0;2011,164,87799.0;2011,163,252269.0;2011,167,37363.0;2011,200,84749.0;2011,160,191258.0;2011,201,386918.0;2011,65,448710.0;2012,17,257692.0;2012,246,23243.0;2012,19,258443.0;2012,20,71429.0;2012,21,209064.0;2012,23,211570.0;2012,26,241995.0;2012,27,111111.0;2012,28,151371.0;2012,29,59375.0;2012,31,367523.0;2012,32,46250.0;2012,194,162500.0;2012,34,90802.0;2012,37,143462.0;2012,196,83636.0;2012,38,32692.0;2012,41,66508.0;2012,18581,329655.0;2012,42,44482.0;2012,43,136685.0;2012,197,9000.0;2012,174,60952.0;2012,171,290773.0;2012,34845,292830.0;2012,34979,228057.0;2012,170,235425.0;2012,169,57382.0;2012,168,70698.0;2012,199,39839.0;2012,166,515724.0;2012,143,449046.0;2012,164,107800.0;2012,163,256496.0;2012,167,37361.0;2012,200,76563.0;2012,160,461029.0;2012,201,332501.0;2012,65,450595.0;2012,159,54007.0;2012,158,84000.0;2012,202,51853.0;2012,253,102000.0;2012,203,69761.0;2012,153,77273.0;2012,150,105263.0;2012,149,196429.0;2012,206,33735.0;2012,252,227924.0;2012,254,233333.0;2012,148,436180.0;2012,147,51190.0;2012,94,125000.0;2012,146,64634.0;2012,145,65941.0;2012,139,385468.0;2012,137,341611.0;2012,136,599959.0;2012,135,217607.0;2012,133,544897.0;2012,8,226667.0;2012,132,71929.0;2012,14,34058.0;2012,130,185895.0;2012,129,208238.0;2012,204,51471.0;2012,125,205922.0;2012,124,304565.0;2012,121,105833.0;2012,118,54351.0;2012,117,271429.0;2012,116,99008.0;2012,211,280210.0;2012,115,384937.0;2012,284,290002.0;2012,213,199922.0;2012,113,303491.0;2012,222,52632.0;2012,216,34545.0;2012,110,411682.0;2012,109,75806.0;2012,107,152295.0;2012,220,40483.0;2012,105,558300.0;2012,261,20000.0;2012,140,324020.0;2012,217,227160.0;2012,101,43689.0;2012,100,371172.0;2012,99,163889.0;2012,98,77678.0;2012,97,307692.0;2012,96,203136.0;2012,95,221951.0;2012,93,264009.0;2012,245,50747.0;2012,91,92235.0;2012,229,87570.0;2012,230,99284.0;2012,239,46512.0;2012,232,235842.0;2012,89,241657.0;2012,233,210526.0;2012,195,22174.0;2012,82,169805.0;2012,81,488564.0;2012,9,405075.0;2012,79,285714.0;2012,234,450468.0;2012,78,61224.0;2012,77,498000.0;2012,75,126861.0;2012,3897,18995.0;2012,74,124324.0;2012,287,30000.0;2012,235,14732.0;2012,73,36000.0;2012,70,462438.0;2012,68,43846.0;2012,72,178660.0;2012,64,57096.0;2012,13,188275.0;2012,221,103333.0;2012,238,151439.0;2012,84,165081.0;2012,255,84416.0;2012,61,126670.0;2012,60,42500.0;2012,80,66667.0;2012,355,203988.0;2012,273,102000.0;2012,462,76416.0;2012,463,145043.0;2012,464,370561.0;2012,465,439754.0;2012,466,122492.0;2012,290,231208.0;2012,450,187026.0;2012,477,398663.0;2012,436,155775.0;2012,295,200533.0;2012,275,279201.0;2012,467,290763.0;2012,470,320095.0;2012,471,231032.0;2012,472,265073.0;2012,276,383496.0;2012,475,383496.0;2012,277,158808.0;2012,34981,211570.0;2012,478,160829.0;2012,34752,53276.0;2012,479,47325.0;2012,318,380692.0;2012,454,88698.0;2012,34987,84709.0;2012,5398,156222.0;2012,34988,161398.0;2012,34989,107456.0;2013,318,373842.0;2013,454,95016.0;2013,34987,100164.0;2013,5398,162246.0;2013,34988,167401.0;2013,34989,114102.0;2013,17,257692.0;2013,246,23524.0;2013,19,244507.0;2013,20,76630.0;2013,21,209180.0;2013,23,232339.0;2013,26,229339.0;2013,27,106960.0;2013,28,160896.0;2013,29,56593.0;2013,31,364270.0;2013,32,49180.0;2013,194,157169.0;2013,34,88572.0;2013,37,142094.0;2013,196,93030.0;2013,38,31833.0;2013,41,127352.0;2013,18581,328951.0;2013,42,44475.0;2013,43,140000.0;2013,197,8645.0;2013,174,61226.0;2013,171,305315.0;2013,34845,308042.0;2013,34979,223349.0;2013,170,262160.0;2013,169,57357.0;2013,168,70211.0;2013,199,39699.0;2013,166,507688.0;2013,143,451503.0;2013,164,110233.0;2013,163,278932.0;2013,167,37355.0;2013,200,75942.0;2013,160,494527.0;2013,201,317799.0;2013,65,458921.0;2013,159,54846.0;2013,158,82214.0;2013,202,50363.0;2013,253,102000.0;2013,203,70033.0;2013,153,77590.0;2013,150,108000.0;2013,149,297247.0;2013,206,33736.0;2013,252,219968.0;2013,254,232389.0;2013,148,470358.0;2013,147,49757.0;2013,94,118129.0;2013,146,64149.0;2013,145,65932.0;2013,139,367911.0;2013,137,346420.0;2013,136,600150.0;2013,135,312011.0;2013,133,577461.0;2013,8,240685.0;2013,132,75471.0;2013,14,33382.0;2013,130,524444.0;2013,129,228503.0;2013,204,51511.0;2013,125,219888.0;2013,124,307521.0;2013,121,107956.0;2013,118,54198.0;2013,117,282151.0;2013,116,106582.0;2013,211,278959.0;2013,115,461954.0;2013,284,295897.0;2013,213,203214.0;2013,113,289603.0;2013,222,52964.0;2013,216,33707.0;2013,110,327689.0;2013,109,76000.0;2013,107,153405.0;2013,220,42112.0;2013,105,473328.0;2013,261,20007.0;2013,140,321806.0;2013,217,142643.0;2013,101,42423.0;2013,100,403649.0;2013,99,169792.0;2013,98,80000.0;2013,97,339564.0;2013,96,193858.0;2013,95,209526.0;2013,93,269903.0;2013,245,50568.0;2013,91,96058.0;2013,229,89990.0;2013,230,99160.0;2013,239,48159.0;2013,232,159972.0;2013,89,243759.0;2013,233,208358.0;2013,195,23154.0;2013,82,169805.0;2013,81,552058.0;2013,9,395342.0;2013,79,285709.0;2013,234,393852.0;2013,78,59821.0;2013,77,735000.0;2013,75,257381.0;2013,3897,11419.0;2013,74,119305.0;2013,287,30000.0;2013,235,14811.0;2013,73,35048.0;2013,70,461396.0;2013,68,42670.0;2013,72,184009.0;2013,64,57043.0;2013,13,181923.0;2013,221,101474.0;2013,238,153650.0;2013,84,168324.0;2013,255,84633.0;2013,61,125579.0;2013,60,42500.0;2013,80,66667.0;2013,355,208617.0;2013,273,109028.0;2013,462,85464.0;2013,463,144297.0;2013,464,363711.0;2013,465,493777.0;2013,466,123831.0;2013,290,230553.0;2013,450,180594.0;2013,477,403124.0;2013,436,164802.0;2013,295,195069.0;2013,275,288860.0;2013,467,305306.0;2013,470,324302.0;2013,471,240067.0;2013,472,283538.0;2013,276,375746.0;2013,475,375746.0;2013,277,167651.0;2013,34981,232339.0;2013,478,166440.0;2013,34752,53364.0;2013,479,49156.0;2014,65,466542.0;2014,159,55685.0;2014,158,88637.0;2014,202,48873.0;2014,253,106866.0;2014,203,69954.0;2014,153,77286.0;2014,150,110000.0;2014,149,413750.0;2014,206,33736.0;2014,252,218218.0;2014,254,232382.0;2014,148,498883.0;2014,147,47700.0;2014,94,112857.0;2014,146,63664.0;2014,145,65924.0;2014,139,297657.0;2014,137,370367.0;2014,136,511863.0;2014,135,291539.0;2014,133,530866.0;2014,8,242517.0;2014,132,79355.0;2014,14,32706.0;2014,130,430908.0;2014,129,277056.0;2014,204,51862.0;2014,125,221894.0;2014,124,310477.0;2014,121,108530.0;2014,118,54160.0;2014,117,266615.0;2014,116,104841.0;2014,211,277707.0;2014,115,183950.0;2014,284,319926.0;2014,213,190366.0;2014,113,288331.0;2014,222,52941.0;2014,216,33398.0;2014,110,407980.0;2014,109,76667.0;2014,107,161926.0;2014,220,44358.0;2014,105,547464.0;2014,261,19970.0;2014,140,319592.0;2014,217,134922.0;2014,101,42562.0;2014,100,405789.0;2014,99,155313.0;2014,98,90000.0;2014,97,307811.0;2014,96,200674.0;2014,95,214800.0;2014,93,275798.0;2014,245,47700.0;2014,91,56029.0;2014,229,96903.0;2014,230,99035.0;2014,239,48983.0;2014,232,177294.0;2014,89,245862.0;2014,233,204616.0;2014,195,23337.0;2014,82,169805.0;2014,81,571004.0;2014,9,400074.0;2014,79,259714.0;2014,234,355887.0;2014,78,59659.0;2014,77,760000.0;2014,75,379730.0;2014,3897,11429.0;2014,74,119856.0;2014,287,30000.0;2014,235,14966.0;2014,73,30173.0;2014,70,471017.0;2014,68,41955.0;2014,72,189359.0;2014,64,63168.0;2014,13,187701.0;2014,221,101401.0;2014,238,151712.0;2014,84,162329.0;2014,255,86514.0;2014,61,125605.0;2014,60,41515.0;2014,80,68418.0;2014,355,211595.0;2014,273,103768.0;2014,462,74397.0;2014,463,155744.0;2014,464,357498.0;2014,465,509651.0;2014,466,114253.0;2014,290,238249.0;2014,450,185878.0;2014,477,404590.0;2014,436,162620.0;2014,295,205801.0;2014,275,298507.0;2014,467,298341.0;2014,470,346277.0;2014,471,246673.0;2014,472,270093.0;2014,276,379783.0;2014,475,379783.0;2014,277,150257.0;2014,34981,197573.0;2014,478,152513.0;2014,34752,53588.0;2014,479,50207.0;2014,318,377560.0;2014,454,87459.0;2014,34987,74682.0;2014,5398,156337.0;2014,34988,167534.0;2014,34989,108430.0;2014,17,239501.0;2014,246,23646.0;2014,19,274359.0;2014,20,87661.0;2014,21,209295.0;2014,23,197573.0;2014,26,182562.0;2014,27,101942.0;2014,28,166949.0;2014,29,57647.0;2014,31,354266.0;2014,32,50358.0;2014,194,155515.0;2014,34,87705.0;2014,37,145243.0;2014,196,93920.0;2014,38,31223.0;2014,41,82806.0;2014,18581,327134.0;2014,42,44467.0;2014,43,143748.0;2014,197,8432.0;2014,174,61528.0;2014,171,298349.0;2014,34845,300814.0;2014,34979,225641.0;2014,170,239759.0;2014,169,57332.0;2014,168,69724.0;2014,199,39559.0;2014,166,512346.0;2014,143,453958.0;2014,164,139587.0;2014,163,273000.0;2014,167,37357.0;2014,200,80037.0;2014,160,467668.0;2014,201,370901.0
24008;1961,17,5201.0;1961,21,10443.0;1961,23,9185.0;1961,24,18903.0;1961,28,6579.0;1961,34978,34200.0;1961,34,10000.0;1961,39,5212.0;1961,41,5609.0;1961,44,10954.0;1961,172,5515.0;1961,171,9867.0;1961,34845,9867.0;1961,170,5923.0;1961,168,5938.0;1961,267,12829.0;1961,167,4444.0;1961,161,26667.0;1961,160,7637.0;1961,201,8057.0;1961,65,13684.0;1961,34982,9016.0;1961,155,13462.0;1961,3,19000.0;1961,6,13891.0;1961,149,6501.0;1961,146,7059.0;1961,138,11811.0;1961,137,8919.0;1961,2,20000.0;1961,133,5338.0;1961,8,6701.0;1961,132,5688.0;1961,14,15036.0;1961,124,11667.0;1961,123,7127.0;1961,120,13333.0;1961,113,7037.0;1961,110,3968.0;1961,142,4572.0;1961,5,35884.0;1961,106,22107.0;1961,102,24545.0;1961,101,4330.0;1961,98,6000.0;1961,97,11701.0;1961,11,10189.0;1961,127,7244.0;1961,92,11896.0;1961,91,6841.0;1961,87,5208.0;1961,81,11143.0;1961,9,7633.0;1961,10,14434.0;1961,77,10159.0;1961,70,11373.0;1961,68,5471.0;1961,1,26503.0;1961,64,3000.0;1961,13,11873.0;1961,63,17241.0;1961,270,10198.0;1961,238,4873.0;1961,34980,8647.0;1961,355,9730.0;1961,273,6787.0;1961,462,7417.0;1961,463,5400.0;1961,464,4204.0;1961,465,8305.0;1961,466,5208.0;1961,290,10003.0;1961,450,11721.0;1961,477,7037.0;1961,436,6394.0;1961,295,8072.0;1961,275,9329.0;1961,467,9890.0;1961,470,8183.0;1961,471,4572.0;1961,472,9472.0;1961,276,10808.0;1961,473,10315.0;1961,474,21582.0;1961,475,7400.0;1961,476,22566.0;1961,277,13474.0;1961,34981,13474.0;1961,318,13742.0;1961,454,7149.0;1961,34987,6279.0;1961,5398,6416.0;1961,34988,8056.0;1961,34989,6015.0;1962,17,6333.0;1962,21,12461.0;1962,23,9827.0;1962,24,17528.0;1962,28,6500.0;1962,34978,38800.0;1962,34,10000.0;1962,39,7282.0;1962,41,5104.0;1962,44,12635.0;1962,172,5980.0;1962,171,11818.0;1962,34845,11818.0;1962,170,5607.0;1962,168,5882.0;1962,267,12481.0;1962,167,4444.0;1962,161,25714.0;1962,160,7957.0;1962,201,8022.0;1962,65,17128.0;1962,34982,8999.0;1962,155,10929.0;1962,3,24239.0;1962,6,15287.0;1962,149,6756.0;1962,146,7059.0;1962,138,11309.0;1962,137,8770.0;1962,2,28125.0;1962,133,2454.0;1962,8,8211.0;1962,132,5697.0;1962,14,8647.0;1962,124,13333.0;1962,123,6250.0;1962,120,10000.0;1962,113,7089.0;1962,110,8333.0;1962,142,3731.0;1962,5,42827.0;1962,106,18306.0;1962,102,19200.0;1962,101,4461.0;1962,98,6000.0;1962,97,11598.0;1962,11,11667.0;1962,127,7146.0;1962,92,8954.0;1962,91,8000.0;1962,87,5333.0;1962,81,12375.0;1962,9,8009.0;1962,10,11632.0;1962,77,10159.0;1962,70,11379.0;1962,68,5600.0;1962,1,29967.0;1962,64,3600.0;1962,13,16584.0;1962,63,17460.0;1962,270,11224.0;1962,238,5538.0;1962,34980,11215.0;1962,355,10951.0;1962,273,7745.0;1962,462,7606.0;1962,463,5385.0;1962,464,8255.0;1962,465,8700.0;1962,466,5333.0;1962,290,12613.0;1962,450,16086.0;1962,477,7089.0;1962,436,6506.0;1962,295,8412.0;1962,275,10626.0;1962,467,11804.0;1962,470,8100.0;1962,471,3731.0;1962,472,8628.0;1962,276,11388.0;1962,473,11154.0;1962,474,21856.0;1962,475,8380.0;1962,476,23596.0;1962,277,12655.0;1962,34981,12655.0;1962,318,12834.0;1962,454,7248.0;1962,34987,6488.0;1962,5398,6524.0;1962,34988,8013.0;1962,34989,6518.0;1963,17,7000.0;1963,21,14160.0;1963,23,10770.0;1963,24,20323.0;1963,28,6500.0;1963,34978,30391.0;1963,34,10000.0;1963,39,11697.0;1963,41,5637.0;1963,44,11793.0;1963,172,5919.0;1963,171,11071.0;1963,34845,11071.0;1963,170,4633.0;1963,168,6000.0;1963,267,13108.0;1963,167,4444.0;1963,161,33333.0;1963,160,8217.0;1963,201,5521.0;1963,65,12918.0;1963,34982,8339.0;1963,155,15882.0;1963,3,22292.0;1963,6,11979.0;1963,149,6978.0;1963,146,7176.0;1963,138,11636.0;1963,137,7743.0;1963,2,18000.0;1963,133,5946.0;1963,8,8249.0;1963,132,5657.0;1963,14,8881.0;1963,124,10000.0;1963,123,5909.0;1963,120,15000.0;1963,113,7042.0;1963,110,6038.0;1963,142,6093.0;1963,5,36422.0;1963,106,22561.0;1963,102,23478.0;1963,101,4679.0;1963,98,6000.0;1963,97,12001.0;1963,11,9846.0;1963,127,4571.0;1963,92,9935.0;1963,91,8047.0;1963,87,5667.0;1963,81,11429.0;1963,9,8285.0;1963,10,14996.0;1963,77,10561.0;1963,70,9434.0;1963,68,5250.0;1963,1,27500.0;1963,64,2800.0;1963,13,17396.0;1963,63,17460.0;1963,270,7639.0;1963,238,4898.0;1963,34980,10667.0;1963,355,8627.0;1963,273,7116.0;1963,462,7287.0;1963,463,5472.0;1963,464,6248.0;1963,465,8056.0;1963,466,5667.0;1963,290,12465.0;1963,450,16587.0;1963,477,7042.0;1963,436,6539.0;1963,295,7912.0;1963,275,9692.0;1963,467,11062.0;1963,470,7306.0;1963,471,6093.0;1963,472,8814.0;1963,276,7969.0;1963,473,7780.0;1963,474,23998.0;1963,475,8617.0;1963,476,20514.0;1963,277,15288.0;1963,34981,15288.0;1963,318,12796.0;1963,454,7046.0;1963,34987,6554.0;1963,5398,6559.0;1963,34988,7291.0;1963,34989,6357.0;1964,17,5983.0;1964,21,10484.0;1964,23,10917.0;1964,24,20629.0;1964,28,6600.0;1964,34978,36322.0;1964,34,10000.0;1964,39,13383.0;1964,41,5492.0;1964,44,12264.0;1964,172,6145.0;1964,171,12407.0;1964,34845,12407.0;1964,170,5179.0;1964,168,5946.0;1964,267,12938.0;1964,167,4444.0;1964,161,33333.0;1964,160,6956.0;1964,201,6188.0;1964,65,14176.0;1964,34982,8996.0;1964,155,16316.0;1964,3,22645.0;1964,6,13946.0;1964,149,8390.0;1964,146,6707.0;1964,138,9559.0;1964,137,5157.0;1964,2,15625.0;1964,133,11386.0;1964,8,8661.0;1964,132,5636.0;1964,14,9667.0;1964,124,10667.0;1964,123,5455.0;1964,120,10000.0;1964,113,7150.0;1964,110,7000.0;1964,142,5603.0;1964,5,35393.0;1964,106,24758.0;1964,101,4495.0;1964,98,6000.0;1964,97,11800.0;1964,11,9697.0;1964,127,4660.0;1964,92,9926.0;1964,91,9251.0;1964,87,5625.0;1964,81,11000.0;1964,9,7359.0;1964,10,18598.0;1964,77,4545.0;1964,70,10000.0;1964,68,5467.0;1964,1,30257.0;1964,64,2893.0;1964,13,20641.0;1964,63,17333.0;1964,270,9948.0;1964,238,4220.0;1964,34980,9449.0;1964,355,10000.0;1964,273,7441.0;1964,462,7564.0;1964,463,5455.0;1964,464,7030.0;1964,465,7789.0;1964,466,5625.0;1964,290,13012.0;1964,450,18776.0;1964,477,7150.0;1964,436,6102.0;1964,295,7450.0;1964,275,9696.0;1964,467,12397.0;1964,470,5108.0;1964,471,5603.0;1964,472,9329.0;1964,276,10136.0;1964,473,9974.0;1964,474,26029.0;1964,475,8205.0;1964,476,21830.0;1964,277,16301.0;1964,34981,16301.0;1964,318,13227.0;1964,454,7192.0;1964,34987,6509.0;1964,5398,6139.0;1964,34988,5443.0;1964,34989,6398.0;1965,17,4649.0;1965,21,17170.0;1965,23,6330.0;1965,24,19533.0;1965,28,6600.0;1965,34978,30330.0;1965,34,10000.0;1965,39,12014.0;1965,41,5504.0;1965,44,17423.0;1965,172,7266.0;1965,171,12407.0;1965,34845,12407.0;1965,170,5639.0;1965,168,6053.0;1965,267,14914.0;1965,167,4444.0;1965,161,32000.0;1965,160,7418.0;1965,201,6220.0;1965,65,16061.0;1965,34982,8998.0;1965,155,17083.0;1965,3,21996.0;1965,6,17530.0;1965,149,7900.0;1965,146,7317.0;1965,138,14706.0;1965,137,8250.0;1965,2,16250.0;1965,133,10744.0;1965,8,8912.0;1965,132,5643.0;1965,14,11365.0;1965,124,25000.0;1965,123,5000.0;1965,120,12000.0;1965,113,7203.0;1965,110,8000.0;1965,142,6575.0;1965,5,27712.0;1965,106,21679.0;1965,101,4449.0;1965,98,6000.0;1965,97,9045.0;1965,11,13824.0;1965,127,4842.0;1965,92,12483.0;1965,91,8100.0;1965,87,6250.0;1965,81,10000.0;1965,9,5994.0;1965,10,13810.0;1965,77,12495.0;1965,70,12000.0;1965,68,4211.0;1965,1,33942.0;1965,64,1919.0;1965,13,19469.0;1965,63,17333.0;1965,270,9204.0;1965,238,5171.0;1965,34980,8571.0;1965,355,10171.0;1965,273,7208.0;1965,462,7141.0;1965,463,5536.0;1965,464,7803.0;1965,465,7027.0;1965,466,6250.0;1965,290,13157.0;1965,450,19058.0;1965,477,7203.0;1965,436,6342.0;1965,295,8303.0;1965,275,10782.0;1965,467,12401.0;1965,470,7628.0;1965,471,6575.0;1965,472,12492.0;1965,276,9736.0;1965,473,9505.0;1965,474,26072.0;1965,475,7240.0;1965,476,21343.0;1965,277,11539.0;1965,34981,11539.0;1965,318,14763.0;1965,454,6949.0;1965,34987,6215.0;1965,5398,6391.0;1965,34988,7523.0;1965,34989,6308.0;1966,17,5650.0;1966,21,16615.0;1966,23,8163.0;1966,24,21980.0;1966,28,6545.0;1966,34978,25779.0;1966,34,10000.0;1966,39,17176.0;1966,41,5461.0;1966,44,13275.0;1966,172,12982.0;1966,171,10000.0;1966,34845,10000.0;1966,170,5021.0;1966,168,6154.0;1966,267,11699.0;1966,167,4444.0;1966,161,25000.0;1966,160,6802.0;1966,201,5910.0;1966,65,16436.0;1966,34982,9196.0;1966,155,14545.0;1966,3,22675.0;1966,6,15339.0;1966,149,10570.0;1966,146,5786.0;1966,138,11224.0;1966,137,7273.0;1966,2,28333.0;1966,133,4673.0;1966,8,9303.0;1966,132,5556.0;1966,14,8981.0;1966,124,16000.0;1966,123,5909.0;1966,120,16000.0;1966,113,7245.0;1966,110,6091.0;1966,142,6711.0;1966,5,24386.0;1966,106,24721.0;1966,101,4408.0;1966,98,6000.0;1966,97,9080.0;1966,11,11899.0;1966,127,4913.0;1966,92,13657.0;1966,91,8000.0;1966,87,5333.0;1966,81,4111.0;1966,9,7868.0;1966,10,15809.0;1966,77,10954.0;1966,70,11111.0;1966,68,4643.0;1966,1,31204.0;1966,64,3381.0;1966,13,16228.0;1966,63,17976.0;1966,270,11587.0;1966,238,5461.0;1966,34980,9632.0;1966,355,10337.0;1966,273,7143.0;1966,462,7488.0;1966,463,5614.0;1966,464,6314.0;1966,465,5167.0;1966,466,5333.0;1966,290,11497.0;1966,450,15660.0;1966,477,7245.0;1966,436,5870.0;1966,295,8167.0;1966,275,8820.0;1966,467,9994.0;1966,470,6791.0;1966,471,6711.0;1966,472,10925.0;1966,276,11872.0;1966,473,11718.0;1966,474,25857.0;1966,475,8781.0;1966,476,19203.0;1966,277,13672.0;1966,34981,13672.0;1966,318,14215.0;1966,454,7248.0;1966,34987,6585.0;1966,5398,5867.0;1966,34988,6907.0;1966,34989,6316.0;1967,17,5560.0;1967,21,11272.0;1967,23,4180.0;1967,24,23269.0;1967,28,6500.0;1967,34978,36200.0;1967,34,10000.0;1967,39,15029.0;1967,41,5460.0;1967,44,15701.0;1967,172,10471.0;1967,171,10000.0;1967,34845,10000.0;1967,170,6166.0;1967,168,6250.0;1967,267,16762.0;1967,167,4444.0;1967,161,30000.0;1967,160,7000.0;1967,201,5756.0;1967,65,7937.0;1967,34982,9200.0;1967,155,16190.0;1967,3,25457.0;1967,6,18902.0;1967,149,11070.0;1967,146,5758.0;1967,138,14771.0;1967,137,6028.0;1967,2,24000.0;1967,133,12088.0;1967,8,9778.0;1967,132,5500.0;1967,14,11850.0;1967,124,21757.0;1967,123,5518.0;1967,120,16667.0;1967,113,6206.0;1967,110,5804.0;1967,142,6380.0;1967,5,41791.0;1967,106,29117.0;1967,101,4650.0;1967,98,6232.0;1967,97,9247.0;1967,11,12969.0;1967,127,4667.0;1967,92,15379.0;1967,91,8000.0;1967,87,5000.0;1967,81,8778.0;1967,9,8380.0;1967,10,16393.0;1967,77,5556.0;1967,70,12245.0;1967,68,5000.0;1967,1,40172.0;1967,64,3172.0;1967,13,16309.0;1967,63,18400.0;1967,270,11222.0;1967,238,5721.0;1967,34980,9444.0;1967,355,10091.0;1967,273,7176.0;1967,462,7496.0;1967,463,5690.0;1967,464,5898.0;1967,465,6909.0;1967,466,5000.0;1967,290,11449.0;1967,450,16212.0;1967,477,6206.0;1967,436,5778.0;1967,295,7645.0;1967,275,8454.0;1967,467,10003.0;1967,470,5805.0;1967,471,6380.0;1967,472,11857.0;1967,276,11885.0;1967,473,11568.0;1967,474,32657.0;1967,475,9105.0;1967,476,26182.0;1967,277,12879.0;1967,34981,12879.0;1967,318,16623.0;1967,454,7205.0;1967,34987,6521.0;1967,5398,5777.0;1967,34988,6092.0;1967,34989,6268.0;1968,17,4583.0;1968,21,8104.0;1968,23,10390.0;1968,24,21856.0;1968,28,6615.0;1968,34978,29450.0;1968,34,10000.0;1968,39,7224.0;1968,41,5189.0;1968,44,13500.0;1968,172,6796.0;1968,171,9130.0;1968,34845,9130.0;1968,170,5580.0;1968,168,6190.0;1968,267,10112.0;1968,167,4444.0;1968,161,32911.0;1968,160,7209.0;1968,201,5432.0;1968,65,15873.0;1968,34982,9226.0;1968,155,19412.0;1968,3,23970.0;1968,6,16500.0;1968,149,9933.0;1968,146,6423.0;1968,138,8164.0;1968,137,9226.0;1968,2,31429.0;1968,133,10115.0;1968,8,9305.0;1968,132,4634.0;1968,14,13000.0;1968,124,9599.0;1968,123,5829.0;1968,120,17143.0;1968,113,6534.0;1968,110,7928.0;1968,142,7207.0;1968,5,32350.0;1968,106,25861.0;1968,101,4755.0;1968,98,6512.0;1968,97,7339.0;1968,11,12200.0;1968,127,5446.0;1968,92,6795.0;1968,91,7000.0;1968,87,5333.0;1968,81,8778.0;1968,9,8008.0;1968,10,16235.0;1968,77,11845.0;1968,70,11563.0;1968,68,5263.0;1968,1,25610.0;1968,64,2682.0;1968,13,16895.0;1968,63,18933.0;1968,270,14128.0;1968,238,5602.0;1968,34980,9048.0;1968,355,11064.0;1968,273,7274.0;1968,462,7177.0;1968,463,5667.0;1968,464,7899.0;1968,465,7147.0;1968,466,5333.0;1968,290,10480.0;1968,450,16296.0;1968,477,6534.0;1968,436,5030.0;1968,295,6313.0;1968,275,8836.0;1968,467,9139.0;1968,470,8319.0;1968,471,7207.0;1968,472,11281.0;1968,276,13764.0;1968,473,13620.0;1968,474,24956.0;1968,475,8585.0;1968,476,22497.0;1968,277,16229.0;1968,34981,16229.0;1968,318,11248.0;1968,454,7030.0;1968,34987,6046.0;1968,5398,5058.0;1968,34988,8085.0;1968,34989,6393.0;1969,17,4005.0;1969,21,11765.0;1969,23,8475.0;1969,24,22762.0;1969,28,6618.0;1969,34978,28648.0;1969,34,10000.0;1969,39,11860.0;1969,41,5754.0;1969,44,10579.0;1969,172,6132.0;1969,171,9091.0;1969,34845,9091.0;1969,170,5800.0;1969,168,6279.0;1969,267,14876.0;1969,167,4444.0;1969,161,30928.0;1969,160,7429.0;1969,201,4919.0;1969,65,14286.0;1969,34982,9281.0;1969,155,16923.0;1969,3,27660.0;1969,6,16261.0;1969,149,10264.0;1969,146,8723.0;1969,138,13840.0;1969,137,9213.0;1969,2,30000.0;1969,133,9286.0;1969,8,10015.0;1969,132,6206.0;1969,14,11961.0;1969,124,9736.0;1969,123,4526.0;1969,120,17647.0;1969,113,5974.0;1969,110,6667.0;1969,142,7203.0;1969,5,33285.0;1969,106,27911.0;1969,101,4360.0;1969,98,6000.0;1969,97,7919.0;1969,11,12083.0;1969,127,6187.0;1969,92,10898.0;1969,91,8363.0;1969,87,5000.0;1969,81,7333.0;1969,9,8780.0;1969,10,12443.0;1969,77,11439.0;1969,70,11200.0;1969,68,4762.0;1969,1,29157.0;1969,64,2406.0;1969,13,18305.0;1969,63,19733.0;1969,270,14827.0;1969,238,5540.0;1969,34980,10516.0;1969,355,11682.0;1969,273,7486.0;1969,462,7788.0;1969,463,5738.0;1969,464,6826.0;1969,465,5822.0;1969,466,5000.0;1969,290,12037.0;1969,450,16865.0;1969,477,5974.0;1969,436,6483.0;1969,295,7007.0;1969,275,8814.0;1969,467,9097.0;1969,470,8355.0;1969,471,7203.0;1969,472,10962.0;1969,276,14772.0;1969,473,14635.0;1969,474,26363.0;1969,475,9560.0;1969,476,23166.0;1969,277,16114.0;1969,34981,16114.0;1969,318,14458.0;1969,454,7431.0;1969,34987,6919.0;1969,5398,6559.0;1969,34988,8223.0;1969,34989,6502.0;1970,17,3424.0;1970,21,9306.0;1970,23,10285.0;1970,24,22918.0;1970,28,6571.0;1970,34978,29393.0;1970,34,7500.0;1970,39,17271.0;1970,41,7842.0;1970,44,11320.0;1970,172,6902.0;1970,171,10455.0;1970,34845,10455.0;1970,170,7500.0;1970,168,6364.0;1970,267,16339.0;1970,167,4444.0;1970,161,28213.0;1970,160,7565.0;1970,201,4276.0;1970,65,11905.0;1970,34982,9301.0;1970,155,17333.0;1970,3,34089.0;1970,6,17190.0;1970,149,12117.0;1970,146,9506.0;1970,138,13862.0;1970,137,7808.0;1970,2,27778.0;1970,133,10250.0;1970,8,13535.0;1970,132,7047.0;1970,14,9677.0;1970,124,10708.0;1970,123,3656.0;1970,120,14706.0;1970,113,6761.0;1970,110,5475.0;1970,142,6237.0;1970,5,30306.0;1970,106,20084.0;1970,101,4327.0;1970,98,6341.0;1970,97,7926.0;1970,11,12200.0;1970,127,6467.0;1970,92,14585.0;1970,91,8250.0;1970,87,5333.0;1970,81,4571.0;1970,9,7444.0;1970,10,21854.0;1970,77,7363.0;1970,70,10855.0;1970,68,4286.0;1970,1,29578.0;1970,64,2819.0;1970,13,14481.0;1970,63,20146.0;1970,270,14403.0;1970,238,5470.0;1970,34980,10482.0;1970,355,11712.0;1970,273,7380.0;1970,462,8085.0;1970,463,5806.0;1970,464,5579.0;1970,465,3990.0;1970,466,5333.0;1970,290,10529.0;1970,450,13794.0;1970,477,6761.0;1970,436,7177.0;1970,295,7034.0;1970,275,9260.0;1970,467,10451.0;1970,470,7213.0;1970,471,6237.0;1970,472,10451.0;1970,276,14645.0;1970,473,14392.0;1970,474,28082.0;1970,475,9587.0;1970,476,25659.0;1970,277,14519.0;1970,34981,14519.0;1970,318,16693.0;1970,454,7539.0;1970,34987,7339.0;1970,5398,7275.0;1970,34988,7342.0;1970,34989,6484.0;1971,17,4462.0;1971,21,8104.0;1971,23,10772.0;1971,24,22210.0;1971,28,6625.0;1971,34978,33816.0;1971,34,10000.0;1971,39,14263.0;1971,41,7691.0;1971,44,14765.0;1971,172,8444.0;1971,171,11579.0;1971,34845,11579.0;1971,170,7326.0;1971,168,6304.0;1971,267,17661.0;1971,167,4444.0;1971,161,34301.0;1971,160,7783.0;1971,201,5026.0;1971,65,16667.0;1971,34982,9501.0;1971,155,20769.0;1971,3,33937.0;1971,6,19960.0;1971,149,12589.0;1971,146,7900.0;1971,138,14162.0;1971,137,8451.0;1971,2,20833.0;1971,133,18812.0;1971,8,13067.0;1971,132,7233.0;1971,14,12314.0;1971,124,9371.0;1971,123,4167.0;1971,120,20385.0;1971,113,5395.0;1971,110,6886.0;1971,142,6148.0;1971,5,33918.0;1971,106,22831.0;1971,101,4360.0;1971,98,6552.0;1971,97,7406.0;1971,11,12941.0;1971,127,5543.0;1971,92,12799.0;1971,91,8850.0;1971,87,5000.0;1971,81,9667.0;1971,9,9366.0;1971,10,17846.0;1971,77,7964.0;1971,70,14000.0;1971,68,3929.0;1971,1,30129.0;1971,64,3009.0;1971,13,21749.0;1971,63,20395.0;1971,270,12447.0;1971,238,4567.0;1971,34980,11007.0;1971,355,11532.0;1971,273,7797.0;1971,462,8109.0;1971,463,5781.0;1971,464,7240.0;1971,465,6000.0;1971,466,5000.0;1971,290,13435.0;1971,450,20052.0;1971,477,5395.0;1971,436,7346.0;1971,295,7175.0;1971,275,10106.0;1971,467,11579.0;1971,470,7756.0;1971,471,6148.0;1971,472,13439.0;1971,276,12847.0;1971,473,12523.0;1971,474,28211.0;1971,475,10682.0;1971,476,27130.0;1971,277,15399.0;1971,34981,15399.0;1971,318,16681.0;1971,454,7573.0;1971,34987,7350.0;1971,5398,7372.0;1971,34988,7793.0;1971,34989,6780.0;1972,17,3933.0;1972,21,8027.0;1972,23,6763.0;1972,24,24129.0;1972,28,6941.0;1972,34978,30171.0;1972,34,10000.0;1972,39,13570.0;1972,41,6047.0;1972,44,17488.0;1972,172,8143.0;1972,171,10526.0;1972,34845,10526.0;1972,170,7356.0;1972,168,6250.0;1972,267,15272.0;1972,167,4444.0;1972,161,25739.0;1972,160,8022.0;1972,201,5905.0;1972,65,14286.0;1972,34982,9657.0;1972,155,22593.0;1972,3,29667.0;1972,6,14345.0;1972,149,12650.0;1972,146,8153.0;1972,138,13805.0;1972,137,7569.0;1972,2,32500.0;1972,133,25366.0;1972,8,9959.0;1972,132,7021.0;1972,14,14498.0;1972,124,10506.0;1972,123,3000.0;1972,120,23149.0;1972,113,5634.0;1972,110,6772.0;1972,142,5505.0;1972,5,22762.0;1972,106,25616.0;1972,101,4447.0;1972,98,6667.0;1972,97,6768.0;1972,11,12766.0;1972,127,5754.0;1972,92,11572.0;1972,91,8000.0;1972,87,5000.0;1972,81,9857.0;1972,9,8867.0;1972,10,16674.0;1972,77,12127.0;1972,70,15242.0;1972,68,4056.0;1972,1,33476.0;1972,64,2358.0;1972,13,17483.0;1972,63,20000.0;1972,270,11572.0;1972,238,4109.0;1972,34980,9656.0;1972,355,10573.0;1972,273,7302.0;1972,462,7586.0;1972,463,5758.0;1972,464,6808.0;1972,465,5824.0;1972,466,5000.0;1972,290,11571.0;1972,450,17484.0;1972,477,5634.0;1972,436,7214.0;1972,295,7270.0;1972,275,9148.0;1972,467,10533.0;1972,470,6955.0;1972,471,5505.0;1972,472,15545.0;1972,276,11824.0;1972,473,11633.0;1972,474,29507.0;1972,475,9438.0;1972,476,19700.0;1972,277,16150.0;1972,34981,16150.0;1972,318,15125.0;1972,454,7196.0;1972,34987,6348.0;1972,5398,7256.0;1972,34988,7057.0;1972,34989,6383.0;1973,17,4384.0;1973,21,9663.0;1973,23,9928.0;1973,24,25208.0;1973,28,6556.0;1973,34978,32986.0;1973,34,10250.0;1973,39,14518.0;1973,41,7525.0;1973,44,16217.0;1973,172,7544.0;1973,171,11053.0;1973,34845,11053.0;1973,170,6600.0;1973,168,6354.0;1973,267,15643.0;1973,167,4444.0;1973,161,28107.0;1973,160,8250.0;1973,201,5779.0;1973,65,19048.0;1973,34982,4900.0;1973,155,20000.0;1973,3,32401.0;1973,6,16961.0;1973,149,13513.0;1973,146,6517.0;1973,138,13764.0;1973,137,5719.0;1973,2,33333.0;1973,133,38519.0;1973,8,10583.0;1973,132,6374.0;1973,14,13714.0;1973,124,8820.0;1973,123,4000.0;1973,120,23152.0;1973,113,6306.0;1973,110,3636.0;1973,142,5311.0;1973,5,31693.0;1973,106,27926.0;1973,101,4614.0;1973,98,8667.0;1973,97,7202.0;1973,11,13333.0;1973,127,6140.0;1973,92,10674.0;1973,91,7993.0;1973,87,5000.0;1973,81,9571.0;1973,9,7846.0;1973,10,14375.0;1973,77,8283.0;1973,70,14667.0;1973,68,4000.0;1973,1,32685.0;1973,64,2727.0;1973,13,13664.0;1973,63,19880.0;1973,270,13046.0;1973,238,3801.0;1973,34980,11268.0;1973,355,11216.0;1973,273,5345.0;1973,462,5760.0;1973,463,5833.0;1973,464,4026.0;1973,465,6294.0;1973,466,5000.0;1973,290,10450.0;1973,450,14272.0;1973,477,6306.0;1973,436,6827.0;1973,295,7213.0;1973,275,9049.0;1973,467,11056.0;1973,470,5592.0;1973,471,5311.0;1973,472,14918.0;1973,276,13186.0;1973,473,13034.0;1973,474,28796.0;1973,475,9992.0;1973,476,22341.0;1973,277,19565.0;1973,34981,19565.0;1973,318,15616.0;1973,454,5856.0;1973,34987,7133.0;1973,5398,6799.0;1973,34988,5616.0;1973,34989,5310.0;1974,17,4506.0;1974,21,12087.0;1974,23,10945.0;1974,24,26047.0;1974,28,6600.0;1974,34978,36500.0;1974,34,12750.0;1974,39,16416.0;1974,41,5796.0;1974,44,14084.0;1974,172,8133.0;1974,171,11667.0;1974,34845,11667.0;1974,170,5500.0;1974,168,6458.0;1974,267,13674.0;1974,167,4444.0;1974,161,40158.0;1974,160,8370.0;1974,201,6490.0;1974,65,19048.0;1974,34982,4901.0;1974,155,19692.0;1974,3,36289.0;1974,6,22496.0;1974,149,15231.0;1974,146,6722.0;1974,138,27648.0;1974,137,4938.0;1974,2,25000.0;1974,133,59524.0;1974,8,10971.0;1974,132,6718.0;1974,14,12941.0;1974,124,10604.0;1974,123,7037.0;1974,120,30327.0;1974,113,6000.0;1974,110,11354.0;1974,142,5538.0;1974,5,36636.0;1974,106,25982.0;1974,101,4568.0;1974,98,9049.0;1974,97,7080.0;1974,11,15769.0;1974,127,6369.0;1974,92,12343.0;1974,91,6742.0;1974,87,5455.0;1974,81,6875.0;1974,9,7917.0;1974,10,20000.0;1974,77,7952.0;1974,70,14000.0;1974,68,4094.0;1974,1,35600.0;1974,64,2600.0;1974,13,17009.0;1974,63,20000.0;1974,270,14413.0;1974,238,3329.0;1974,34980,11964.0;1974,355,12217.0;1974,273,6768.0;1974,462,5189.0;1974,463,5909.0;1974,464,11190.0;1974,465,6966.0;1974,466,5455.0;1974,290,11801.0;1974,450,16389.0;1974,477,6000.0;1974,436,7098.0;1974,295,7120.0;1974,275,9161.0;1974,467,11664.0;1974,470,5018.0;1974,471,5538.0;1974,472,14881.0;1974,276,14780.0;1974,473,14545.0;1974,474,31461.0;1974,475,10514.0;1974,476,28339.0;1974,277,18845.0;1974,34981,18845.0;1974,318,22333.0;1974,454,5549.0;1974,34987,6199.0;1974,5398,7010.0;1974,34988,5073.0;1974,34989,6144.0;1975,17,6309.0;1975,21,13219.0;1975,23,10228.0;1975,24,26144.0;1975,28,6636.0;1975,34978,37201.0;1975,34,14390.0;1975,39,9688.0;1975,41,6903.0;1975,44,15565.0;1975,172,7232.0;1975,171,11667.0;1975,34845,11667.0;1975,170,5472.0;1975,168,6398.0;1975,267,13024.0;1975,167,4444.0;1975,161,28330.0;1975,160,8211.0;1975,201,5747.0;1975,65,16667.0;1975,34982,4372.0;1975,155,20192.0;1975,3,36321.0;1975,6,20201.0;1975,149,17257.0;1975,146,6850.0;1975,138,19037.0;1975,137,6870.0;1975,2,33333.0;1975,133,42500.0;1975,8,11722.0;1975,132,6721.0;1975,14,10879.0;1975,124,8750.0;1975,123,5798.0;1975,120,29022.0;1975,113,6399.0;1975,110,7174.0;1975,142,5661.0;1975,5,36455.0;1975,106,21777.0;1975,101,4444.0;1975,98,9075.0;1975,97,7449.0;1975,11,13144.0;1975,127,6971.0;1975,92,12575.0;1975,91,8008.0;1975,87,5455.0;1975,81,9125.0;1975,9,8020.0;1975,10,13548.0;1975,77,7427.0;1975,70,12727.0;1975,68,4138.0;1975,1,29220.0;1975,64,2800.0;1975,13,16249.0;1975,63,20000.0;1975,270,9308.0;1975,238,3478.0;1975,34980,7948.0;1975,355,9789.0;1975,273,6232.0;1975,462,5580.0;1975,463,5873.0;1975,464,7349.0;1975,465,7278.0;1975,466,5455.0;1975,290,11723.0;1975,450,16098.0;1975,477,6399.0;1975,436,7075.0;1975,295,7274.0;1975,275,9867.0;1975,467,11659.0;1975,470,6487.0;1975,471,5661.0;1975,472,12789.0;1975,276,9924.0;1975,473,9528.0;1975,474,26304.0;1975,475,8888.0;1975,476,29500.0;1975,277,16569.0;1975,34981,16569.0;1975,318,20125.0;1975,454,5862.0;1975,34987,7061.0;1975,5398,7015.0;1975,34988,6275.0;1975,34989,5918.0;1976,17,6456.0;1976,21,20029.0;1976,23,8381.0;1976,24,26316.0;1976,28,6261.0;1976,34978,28147.0;1976,34,9762.0;1976,39,13123.0;1976,41,6894.0;1976,44,17586.0;1976,172,8376.0;1976,171,12222.0;1976,34845,12222.0;1976,170,5455.0;1976,168,6449.0;1976,267,14504.0;1976,167,4444.0;1976,161,30121.0;1976,160,8316.0;1976,201,5775.0;1976,65,17001.0;1976,34982,4445.0;1976,155,30208.0;1976,3,18167.0;1976,6,14412.0;1976,149,14522.0;1976,146,6368.0;1976,138,20508.0;1976,137,7687.0;1976,2,30000.0;1976,133,33333.0;1976,8,12346.0;1976,132,5969.0;1976,14,10988.0;1976,124,8750.0;1976,123,5687.0;1976,120,28889.0;1976,113,6213.0;1976,110,8416.0;1976,142,6706.0;1976,5,35324.0;1976,106,28722.0;1976,101,4392.0;1976,98,9021.0;1976,97,7511.0;1976,11,14286.0;1976,127,7335.0;1976,92,19194.0;1976,91,8024.0;1976,87,5455.0;1976,81,10250.0;1976,9,7442.0;1976,10,20099.0;1976,77,7642.0;1976,70,13793.0;1976,68,3846.0;1976,1,26210.0;1976,64,2885.0;1976,13,19244.0;1976,63,20000.0;1976,270,16558.0;1976,238,4187.0;1976,34980,10505.0;1976,355,13612.0;1976,273,6570.0;1976,462,5510.0;1976,463,5910.0;1976,464,8601.0;1976,465,7700.0;1976,466,5455.0;1976,290,12317.0;1976,450,18786.0;1976,477,6213.0;1976,436,6470.0;1976,295,8320.0;1976,275,10364.0;1976,467,12213.0;1976,470,7007.0;1976,471,6706.0;1976,472,13158.0;1976,276,16663.0;1976,473,16586.0;1976,474,26075.0;1976,475,9946.0;1976,476,18682.0;1976,277,18891.0;1976,34981,18891.0;1976,318,19333.0;1976,454,5775.0;1976,34987,6714.0;1976,5398,6449.0;1976,34988,6654.0;1976,34989,6058.0;1977,17,4883.0;1977,21,15075.0;1977,23,5122.0;1977,24,27500.0;1977,28,6270.0;1977,34978,34251.0;1977,34,10476.0;1977,39,10439.0;1977,41,7621.0;1977,44,15959.0;1977,172,8755.0;1977,171,11111.0;1977,34845,11111.0;1977,170,5000.0;1977,168,6500.0;1977,267,15961.0;1977,167,4500.0;1977,161,35762.0;1977,160,8421.0;1977,201,4806.0;1977,65,15606.0;1977,34982,7596.0;1977,155,12000.0;1977,3,42628.0;1977,6,15866.0;1977,149,18167.0;1977,146,5445.0;1977,138,18861.0;1977,137,6432.0;1977,2,33333.0;1977,133,4255.0;1977,8,12312.0;1977,132,7302.0;1977,14,11585.0;1977,124,8750.0;1977,123,9906.0;1977,120,33343.0;1977,113,5107.0;1977,110,2841.0;1977,142,6453.0;1977,5,37817.0;1977,106,23943.0;1977,101,4428.0;1977,98,9170.0;1977,97,7525.0;1977,11,13462.0;1977,127,9032.0;1977,92,16842.0;1977,91,8019.0;1977,87,5882.0;1977,81,7250.0;1977,9,8219.0;1977,10,19966.0;1977,77,8617.0;1977,70,15584.0;1977,68,4000.0;1977,1,32568.0;1977,64,2971.0;1977,13,6874.0;1977,63,20000.0;1977,270,13592.0;1977,238,5478.0;1977,34980,13988.0;1977,355,11567.0;1977,273,5958.0;1977,462,6918.0;1977,463,5920.0;1977,464,3351.0;1977,465,8499.0;1977,466,5882.0;1977,290,8380.0;1977,450,9139.0;1977,477,5107.0;1977,436,7494.0;1977,295,7739.0;1977,275,9296.0;1977,467,11109.0;1977,470,6029.0;1977,471,6453.0;1977,472,12581.0;1977,276,13992.0;1977,473,13674.0;1977,474,28972.0;1977,475,12105.0;1977,476,27141.0;1977,277,12464.0;1977,34981,12464.0;1977,318,21400.0;1977,454,6748.0;1977,34987,7323.0;1977,5398,6951.0;1977,34988,6258.0;1977,34989,5693.0;1978,17,4660.0;1978,21,10952.0;1978,23,12578.0;1978,24,27500.0;1978,28,6600.0;1978,34978,36783.0;1978,34,10476.0;1978,39,16934.0;1978,41,8039.0;1978,44,17181.0;1978,172,8817.0;1978,171,15714.0;1978,34845,15714.0;1978,170,5556.0;1978,168,6531.0;1978,267,23450.0;1978,167,4500.0;1978,161,37197.0;1978,160,8421.0;1978,201,5200.0;1978,65,17531.0;1978,34982,7033.0;1978,155,18382.0;1978,3,35089.0;1978,6,21677.0;1978,149,15700.0;1978,146,4783.0;1978,138,23545.0;1978,137,5927.0;1978,2,30000.0;1978,133,4851.0;1978,8,13081.0;1978,132,7854.0;1978,14,11970.0;1978,124,9231.0;1978,123,10182.0;1978,120,30143.0;1978,113,5126.0;1978,110,4802.0;1978,142,6903.0;1978,5,42110.0;1978,106,28387.0;1978,101,4481.0;1978,98,9153.0;1978,97,7461.0;1978,11,20323.0;1978,127,8462.0;1978,92,14262.0;1978,91,7756.0;1978,87,6176.0;1978,81,8750.0;1978,9,8742.0;1978,10,18724.0;1978,77,9529.0;1978,70,17500.0;1978,68,4006.0;1978,1,28159.0;1978,64,2778.0;1978,13,20063.0;1978,63,20000.0;1978,270,15667.0;1978,238,4939.0;1978,34980,13328.0;1978,355,14045.0;1978,273,6258.0;1978,462,6531.0;1978,463,5942.0;1978,464,5212.0;1978,465,9254.0;1978,466,6176.0;1978,290,13109.0;1978,450,19300.0;1978,477,5126.0;1978,436,7926.0;1978,295,7869.0;1978,275,11754.0;1978,467,15693.0;1978,470,5700.0;1978,471,6903.0;1978,472,13536.0;1978,276,16144.0;1978,473,15859.0;1978,474,26280.0;1978,475,12151.0;1978,476,29880.0;1978,277,18483.0;1978,34981,18483.0;1978,318,24112.0;1978,454,6600.0;1978,34987,7111.0;1978,5398,7190.0;1978,34988,5914.0;1978,34989,5903.0;1979,17,3699.0;1979,21,7742.0;1979,23,11371.0;1979,24,28000.0;1979,28,6471.0;1979,34978,35197.0;1979,34,10714.0;1979,39,9969.0;1979,41,8500.0;1979,44,18050.0;1979,172,8752.0;1979,171,15333.0;1979,34845,15333.0;1979,170,5818.0;1979,168,6633.0;1979,267,13689.0;1979,167,4500.0;1979,161,37361.0;1979,160,8500.0;1979,201,5032.0;1979,65,18834.0;1979,34982,10134.0;1979,155,21310.0;1979,3,43243.0;1979,6,23091.0;1979,149,15260.0;1979,146,5023.0;1979,138,10258.0;1979,137,5827.0;1979,2,40000.0;1979,133,4032.0;1979,8,15779.0;1979,132,8520.0;1979,14,11321.0;1979,124,8889.0;1979,123,12024.0;1979,120,24444.0;1979,113,5755.0;1979,110,5900.0;1979,142,7989.0;1979,5,35556.0;1979,106,28137.0;1979,101,4472.0;1979,98,9139.0;1979,97,7664.0;1979,11,17632.0;1979,127,8148.0;1979,92,9433.0;1979,91,6826.0;1979,87,6286.0;1979,81,8125.0;1979,9,10163.0;1979,10,19772.0;1979,77,10198.0;1979,70,18750.0;1979,68,3158.0;1979,1,33214.0;1979,64,2731.0;1979,13,19911.0;1979,63,20000.0;1979,270,7937.0;1979,238,5004.0;1979,34980,8695.0;1979,355,9897.0;1979,273,7625.0;1979,462,7955.0;1979,463,6014.0;1979,464,6256.0;1979,465,9747.0;1979,466,6286.0;1979,290,12327.0;1979,450,19219.0;1979,477,5755.0;1979,436,8517.0;1979,295,6935.0;1979,275,11720.0;1979,467,15313.0;1979,470,5591.0;1979,471,7989.0;1979,472,13545.0;1979,276,8810.0;1979,473,8106.0;1979,474,30369.0;1979,475,10164.0;1979,476,35425.0;1979,277,16800.0;1979,34981,16800.0;1979,318,22651.0;1979,454,7719.0;1979,34987,7172.0;1979,5398,7494.0;1979,34988,6171.0;1979,34989,6665.0;1980,17,3094.0;1980,21,9947.0;1980,23,11555.0;1980,24,28070.0;1980,28,6774.0;1980,34978,29959.0;1980,34,10714.0;1980,39,15093.0;1980,41,5804.0;1980,44,15416.0;1980,172,7467.0;1980,171,16429.0;1980,34845,16429.0;1980,170,5893.0;1980,168,6735.0;1980,267,24867.0;1980,167,4500.0;1980,161,29545.0;1980,160,8500.0;1980,201,5335.0;1980,65,17606.0;1980,34982,11266.0;1980,155,25814.0;1980,3,43684.0;1980,6,18692.0;1980,149,14269.0;1980,146,5058.0;1980,138,25306.0;1980,137,4800.0;1980,2,30000.0;1980,133,6792.0;1980,8,16002.0;1980,132,7941.0;1980,14,15823.0;1980,124,8750.0;1980,123,7756.0;1980,120,20000.0;1980,113,5207.0;1980,110,5822.0;1980,142,7990.0;1980,5,36734.0;1980,106,28591.0;1980,101,4626.0;1980,98,9286.0;1980,97,9367.0;1980,11,12791.0;1980,127,8148.0;1980,92,11886.0;1980,91,6889.0;1980,87,6328.0;1980,81,10000.0;1980,9,9206.0;1980,10,20000.0;1980,77,10714.0;1980,70,23333.0;1980,68,4118.0;1980,1,33224.0;1980,64,2778.0;1980,13,26417.0;1980,63,20000.0;1980,270,13228.0;1980,238,5101.0;1980,34980,9892.0;1980,355,13316.0;1980,273,8499.0;1980,462,8935.0;1980,463,6087.0;1980,464,6150.0;1980,465,9082.0;1980,466,6328.0;1980,290,13575.0;1980,450,21993.0;1980,477,5207.0;1980,436,8036.0;1980,295,7467.0;1980,275,12559.0;1980,467,16412.0;1980,470,4934.0;1980,471,7990.0;1980,472,16911.0;1980,276,14132.0;1980,473,13465.0;1980,474,31171.0;1980,475,10817.0;1980,476,36386.0;1980,277,16610.0;1980,34981,16610.0;1980,318,26532.0;1980,454,8548.0;1980,34987,6380.0;1980,5398,7125.0;1980,34988,6274.0;1980,34989,7487.0;1981,17,3466.0;1981,21,10063.0;1981,23,12463.0;1981,24,28000.0;1981,28,6552.0;1981,34978,35162.0;1981,34,11364.0;1981,39,13923.0;1981,41,5300.0;1981,44,18571.0;1981,172,6252.0;1981,171,15714.0;1981,34845,15714.0;1981,170,6071.0;1981,168,6700.0;1981,267,20233.0;1981,167,4500.0;1981,161,38483.0;1981,160,8500.0;1981,201,5314.0;1981,65,21876.0;1981,34982,8738.0;1981,155,18333.0;1981,3,41587.0;1981,6,19041.0;1981,149,14067.0;1981,146,4533.0;1981,138,18369.0;1981,137,6873.0;1981,2,33333.0;1981,133,6299.0;1981,8,16313.0;1981,132,9573.0;1981,14,13261.0;1981,124,9375.0;1981,123,6830.0;1981,120,18182.0;1981,113,7580.0;1981,110,2444.0;1981,142,6729.0;1981,5,39486.0;1981,106,32305.0;1981,101,4576.0;1981,98,8000.0;1981,97,8707.0;1981,11,15000.0;1981,127,7667.0;1981,92,10291.0;1981,91,7256.0;1981,87,6389.0;1981,81,10571.0;1981,9,7456.0;1981,10,19730.0;1981,77,10105.0;1981,71,5000.0;1981,70,22571.0;1981,68,4444.0;1981,1,31071.0;1981,64,2778.0;1981,13,22969.0;1981,63,20000.0;1981,270,7459.0;1981,238,5149.0;1981,34980,8824.0;1981,355,9770.0;1981,273,6764.0;1981,462,7157.0;1981,463,6071.0;1981,464,3740.0;1981,465,9072.0;1981,466,6389.0;1981,290,13342.0;1981,450,20855.0;1981,477,7580.0;1981,436,9377.0;1981,295,7203.0;1981,275,12651.0;1981,467,15695.0;1981,470,6263.0;1981,471,6729.0;1981,472,17124.0;1981,276,8479.0;1981,473,7770.0;1981,474,28869.0;1981,475,9639.0;1981,476,35568.0;1981,277,15629.0;1981,34981,15629.0;1981,318,24047.0;1981,454,7028.0;1981,34987,6193.0;1981,5398,8179.0;1981,34988,6556.0;1981,34989,6280.0;1982,17,1967.0;1982,21,10294.0;1982,23,13073.0;1982,24,28049.0;1982,28,6458.0;1982,34978,40297.0;1982,34,11364.0;1982,39,14780.0;1982,41,4700.0;1982,44,19975.0;1982,172,6109.0;1982,171,14286.0;1982,34845,14286.0;1982,170,6071.0;1982,168,6800.0;1982,267,21078.0;1982,167,4500.0;1982,161,36698.0;1982,160,8500.0;1982,201,5820.0;1982,65,18557.0;1982,34982,9367.0;1982,155,23333.0;1982,3,42788.0;1982,6,21520.0;1982,149,11840.0;1982,146,4774.0;1982,138,20050.0;1982,137,6912.0;1982,2,32500.0;1982,133,4500.0;1982,8,15857.0;1982,132,9219.0;1982,14,20308.0;1982,124,9500.0;1982,123,4929.0;1982,120,16234.0;1982,113,3636.0;1982,110,6412.0;1982,142,8230.0;1982,5,47079.0;1982,106,29736.0;1982,101,4571.0;1982,98,8182.0;1982,97,8475.0;1982,11,15238.0;1982,127,7742.0;1982,92,12539.0;1982,91,7272.0;1982,87,6842.0;1982,81,12222.0;1982,9,8365.0;1982,10,20000.0;1982,77,9919.0;1982,71,5000.0;1982,70,18519.0;1982,68,5000.0;1982,1,41905.0;1982,64,2813.0;1982,13,16860.0;1982,63,20909.0;1982,270,12678.0;1982,238,4824.0;1982,34980,9412.0;1982,355,12894.0;1982,273,7205.0;1982,462,7325.0;1982,463,6143.0;1982,464,6448.0;1982,465,7328.0;1982,466,6842.0;1982,290,13358.0;1982,450,18261.0;1982,477,3636.0;1982,436,9065.0;1982,295,7139.0;1982,275,11681.0;1982,467,14277.0;1982,470,6249.0;1982,471,8230.0;1982,472,13982.0;1982,276,13851.0;1982,473,12872.0;1982,474,35058.0;1982,475,10065.0;1982,476,38839.0;1982,277,19920.0;1982,34981,19920.0;1982,318,29056.0;1982,454,7211.0;1982,34987,5862.0;1982,5398,7823.0;1982,34988,6596.0;1982,34989,6561.0;1983,17,1138.0;1983,21,15663.0;1983,23,14422.0;1983,24,29053.0;1983,28,6304.0;1983,34978,37304.0;1983,34,11111.0;1983,39,3578.0;1983,41,5455.0;1983,44,18121.0;1983,172,5858.0;1983,171,14107.0;1983,34845,14107.0;1983,170,6140.0;1983,168,6900.0;1983,267,28738.0;1983,167,4500.0;1983,161,36370.0;1983,160,7140.0;1983,201,6996.0;1983,65,18605.0;1983,34982,8796.0;1983,155,32021.0;1983,3,43200.0;1983,6,19992.0;1983,149,11960.0;1983,146,5400.0;1983,138,21957.0;1983,137,7542.0;1983,2,38012.0;1983,133,5769.0;1983,8,13812.0;1983,132,8495.0;1983,14,20083.0;1983,124,12000.0;1983,123,3874.0;1983,120,14629.0;1983,113,4102.0;1983,110,4668.0;1983,142,9132.0;1983,5,41768.0;1983,106,33610.0;1983,101,4629.0;1983,98,8095.0;1983,97,8608.0;1983,11,18261.0;1983,127,5714.0;1983,92,6761.0;1983,91,6321.0;1983,87,7077.0;1983,81,10503.0;1983,9,6987.0;1983,10,20000.0;1983,7,50000.0;1983,77,9950.0;1983,71,5000.0;1983,70,18182.0;1983,68,5217.0;1983,1,18085.0;1983,64,3000.0;1983,13,20506.0;1983,63,20909.0;1983,270,12969.0;1983,238,4920.0;1983,34980,10000.0;1983,355,13182.0;1983,273,6386.0;1983,462,6861.0;1983,463,6214.0;1983,464,4375.0;1983,465,5575.0;1983,466,7077.0;1983,290,14020.0;1983,450,19491.0;1983,477,4102.0;1983,436,8238.0;1983,295,7656.0;1983,275,11686.0;1983,467,14091.0;1983,470,6706.0;1983,471,9132.0;1983,472,13017.0;1983,276,14115.0;1983,473,13162.0;1983,474,24565.0;1983,475,9955.0;1983,476,39233.0;1983,277,18224.0;1983,34981,18224.0;1983,318,26879.0;1983,454,6846.0;1983,34987,5812.0;1983,5398,7428.0;1983,34988,6728.0;1983,34989,6207.0;1984,17,2232.0;1984,21,9806.0;1984,23,11758.0;1984,24,30093.0;1984,28,6164.0;1984,34978,40891.0;1984,34,11111.0;1984,39,15570.0;1984,41,5143.0;1984,44,17597.0;1984,172,6521.0;1984,171,15091.0;1984,34845,15091.0;1984,170,6140.0;1984,168,6863.0;1984,267,28023.0;1984,167,4500.0;1984,161,38034.0;1984,160,8544.0;1984,201,7315.0;1984,65,17857.0;1984,34982,8106.0;1984,155,27273.0;1984,3,48947.0;1984,6,22460.0;1984,149,15357.0;1984,146,5000.0;1984,138,34321.0;1984,137,8191.0;1984,2,34987.0;1984,133,5000.0;1984,8,17172.0;1984,132,9412.0;1984,14,21869.0;1984,124,13889.0;1984,123,4606.0;1984,120,19388.0;1984,113,5365.0;1984,110,4839.0;1984,142,8436.0;1984,5,51512.0;1984,106,34657.0;1984,101,4766.0;1984,98,8571.0;1984,97,7797.0;1984,11,18235.0;1984,127,5625.0;1984,92,11031.0;1984,91,4635.0;1984,87,6579.0;1984,81,14000.0;1984,9,9324.0;1984,10,20000.0;1984,7,53000.0;1984,77,11111.0;1984,71,5000.0;1984,70,20556.0;1984,68,8125.0;1984,1,30357.0;1984,64,2857.0;1984,13,15880.0;1984,63,20909.0;1984,270,11792.0;1984,238,5130.0;1984,34980,12222.0;1984,355,13046.0;1984,273,5929.0;1984,462,6050.0;1984,463,6197.0;1984,464,5132.0;1984,465,7764.0;1984,466,6579.0;1984,290,12479.0;1984,450,16638.0;1984,477,5365.0;1984,436,9269.0;1984,295,7167.0;1984,275,12563.0;1984,467,15074.0;1984,470,7264.0;1984,471,8436.0;1984,472,15086.0;1984,276,13663.0;1984,473,12224.0;1984,474,33619.0;1984,475,12301.0;1984,476,44570.0;1984,277,14875.0;1984,34981,14875.0;1984,318,32777.0;1984,454,6199.0;1984,34987,5661.0;1984,5398,8125.0;1984,34988,6853.0;1984,34989,5900.0;1985,17,3584.0;1985,21,12551.0;1985,23,11571.0;1985,24,35000.0;1985,28,6486.0;1985,34978,39104.0;1985,34,11111.0;1985,39,11258.0;1985,41,5818.0;1985,44,22658.0;1985,172,8502.0;1985,171,13150.0;1985,34845,13150.0;1985,170,6140.0;1985,168,7059.0;1985,267,23646.0;1985,167,4500.0;1985,161,42745.0;1985,160,7908.0;1985,201,6398.0;1985,65,17857.0;1985,34982,6247.0;1985,155,34000.0;1985,3,50052.0;1985,6,22213.0;1985,149,16100.0;1985,146,5581.0;1985,138,27206.0;1985,137,7459.0;1985,2,35000.0;1985,133,5000.0;1985,8,17369.0;1985,132,9788.0;1985,14,22150.0;1985,124,16818.0;1985,123,4516.0;1985,120,20000.0;1985,113,5415.0;1985,110,8439.0;1985,142,8136.0;1985,5,36525.0;1985,106,34106.0;1985,101,4690.0;1985,98,8343.0;1985,97,11523.0;1985,11,15789.0;1985,127,6957.0;1985,92,8936.0;1985,91,6742.0;1985,87,7250.0;1985,81,14750.0;1985,9,11860.0;1985,10,20000.0;1985,7,43992.0;1985,77,9231.0;1985,71,5000.0;1985,70,20588.0;1985,68,4706.0;1985,1,23370.0;1985,64,3000.0;1985,13,17481.0;1985,63,20909.0;1985,270,12854.0;1985,238,5020.0;1985,34980,15861.0;1985,355,13782.0;1985,273,5883.0;1985,462,5359.0;1985,463,6338.0;1985,464,7658.0;1985,465,8152.0;1985,466,7250.0;1985,290,14622.0;1985,450,20066.0;1985,477,5415.0;1985,436,9377.0;1985,295,8354.0;1985,275,10983.0;1985,467,13146.0;1985,470,6756.0;1985,471,8136.0;1985,472,14058.0;1985,276,15185.0;1985,473,13091.0;1985,474,34118.0;1985,475,15196.0;1985,476,45723.0;1985,277,13742.0;1985,34981,13742.0;1985,318,32389.0;1985,454,5673.0;1985,34987,6117.0;1985,5398,8309.0;1985,34988,6270.0;1985,34989,5986.0;1986,17,3871.0;1986,21,11061.0;1986,23,16348.0;1986,24,38949.0;1986,28,6773.0;1986,34978,44400.0;1986,34,11111.0;1986,39,11918.0;1986,41,5789.0;1986,44,18181.0;1986,172,5875.0;1986,171,13162.0;1986,34845,13162.0;1986,170,6140.0;1986,168,7115.0;1986,267,25107.0;1986,167,4500.0;1986,161,38074.0;1986,160,6085.0;1986,201,4699.0;1986,65,20408.0;1986,34982,5297.0;1986,155,21200.0;1986,3,40378.0;1986,6,22375.0;1986,149,12041.0;1986,146,6000.0;1986,138,27908.0;1986,137,8510.0;1986,2,25000.0;1986,133,5000.0;1986,8,16841.0;1986,132,9382.0;1986,14,21946.0;1986,124,15517.0;1986,123,4289.0;1986,120,19524.0;1986,113,5797.0;1986,110,8412.0;1986,142,7903.0;1986,5,55478.0;1986,106,23680.0;1986,101,4818.0;1986,98,7159.0;1986,97,17842.0;1986,11,23333.0;1986,127,6818.0;1986,92,7299.0;1986,91,6143.0;1986,87,7500.0;1986,81,14286.0;1986,9,11359.0;1986,10,25974.0;1986,7,41695.0;1986,77,8248.0;1986,71,5000.0;1986,70,20492.0;1986,68,5556.0;1986,1,36264.0;1986,64,3000.0;1986,13,24014.0;1986,63,21818.0;1986,270,10222.0;1986,238,5318.0;1986,34980,16007.0;1986,355,12749.0;1986,273,5838.0;1986,462,5109.0;1986,463,6389.0;1986,464,7865.0;1986,465,10952.0;1986,466,7500.0;1986,290,16195.0;1986,450,20476.0;1986,477,5797.0;1986,436,8408.0;1986,295,8941.0;1986,275,11184.0;1986,467,13157.0;1986,470,7642.0;1986,471,7903.0;1986,472,15511.0;1986,276,13244.0;1986,473,10635.0;1986,474,36952.0;1986,475,15097.0;1986,476,40126.0;1986,277,16934.0;1986,34981,16934.0;1986,318,32537.0;1986,454,5513.0;1986,34987,6033.0;1986,5398,7759.0;1986,34988,6881.0;1986,34989,6169.0;1987,17,2692.0;1987,21,11724.0;1987,23,11012.0;1987,24,36615.0;1987,28,6776.0;1987,34978,34101.0;1987,34,11087.0;1987,39,13268.0;1987,41,5729.0;1987,44,17533.0;1987,172,8616.0;1987,171,13163.0;1987,34845,13163.0;1987,170,6140.0;1987,168,7170.0;1987,267,23454.0;1987,167,4500.0;1987,161,25468.0;1987,160,8620.0;1987,201,4795.0;1987,65,23810.0;1987,34982,7777.0;1987,155,16818.0;1987,3,42018.0;1987,6,26097.0;1987,149,7143.0;1987,146,5909.0;1987,138,24313.0;1987,137,8102.0;1987,2,25000.0;1987,133,5000.0;1987,8,16688.0;1987,132,8794.0;1987,14,22426.0;1987,124,18593.0;1987,123,3857.0;1987,120,19091.0;1987,113,6588.0;1987,110,4960.0;1987,142,8131.0;1987,5,34476.0;1987,106,28049.0;1987,101,4822.0;1987,98,8789.0;1987,97,28966.0;1987,11,23571.0;1987,127,12078.0;1987,92,12211.0;1987,91,6270.0;1987,87,7600.0;1987,81,14143.0;1987,9,14305.0;1987,10,22985.0;1987,7,38703.0;1987,77,9125.0;1987,71,5000.0;1987,70,20833.0;1987,68,5000.0;1987,1,26587.0;1987,64,3333.0;1987,13,26497.0;1987,63,22727.0;1987,270,14253.0;1987,238,5610.0;1987,34980,14975.0;1987,355,15392.0;1987,273,5914.0;1987,462,5875.0;1987,463,6438.0;1987,464,5263.0;1987,465,10522.0;1987,466,7600.0;1987,290,17021.0;1987,450,19765.0;1987,477,6588.0;1987,436,8763.0;1987,295,9797.0;1987,275,11117.0;1987,467,13168.0;1987,470,7310.0;1987,471,8131.0;1987,472,17767.0;1987,276,17356.0;1987,473,14550.0;1987,474,25762.0;1987,475,14998.0;1987,476,39308.0;1987,277,12354.0;1987,34981,12354.0;1987,318,30852.0;1987,454,6106.0;1987,34987,5932.0;1987,5398,7964.0;1987,34988,6854.0;1987,34989,6316.0;1988,17,1245.0;1988,21,16313.0;1988,23,11334.0;1988,24,37500.0;1988,28,6865.0;1988,34978,42001.0;1988,34,11064.0;1988,37,14013.0;1988,39,14188.0;1988,41,5948.0;1988,44,11793.0;1988,172,7835.0;1988,171,14375.0;1988,34845,14375.0;1988,170,6140.0;1988,168,7091.0;1988,267,27883.0;1988,167,4500.0;1988,161,34560.0;1988,160,9580.0;1988,201,2601.0;1988,65,24932.0;1988,34982,7077.0;1988,155,17600.0;1988,3,51126.0;1988,6,29164.0;1988,149,24595.0;1988,146,5909.0;1988,138,26996.0;1988,137,8748.0;1988,2,37576.0;1988,133,11667.0;1988,8,22722.0;1988,132,8712.0;1988,14,21739.0;1988,124,18989.0;1988,123,4811.0;1988,120,17917.0;1988,113,6454.0;1988,110,8441.0;1988,142,7513.0;1988,5,38571.0;1988,106,29916.0;1988,101,4831.0;1988,98,8370.0;1988,97,19516.0;1988,11,20278.0;1988,127,12155.0;1988,92,12836.0;1988,91,4167.0;1988,87,7610.0;1988,81,15200.0;1988,9,10420.0;1988,10,28988.0;1988,7,45797.0;1988,77,8038.0;1988,71,4430.0;1988,70,22500.0;1988,68,5217.0;1988,1,33771.0;1988,64,3067.0;1988,13,31419.0;1988,63,20909.0;1988,270,12640.0;1988,238,5720.0;1988,61,15153.0;1988,34980,9596.0;1988,355,15489.0;1988,273,6027.0;1988,462,5363.0;1988,463,6400.0;1988,464,7478.0;1988,465,11588.0;1988,466,7610.0;1988,290,14139.0;1988,450,15931.0;1988,477,6454.0;1988,436,8818.0;1988,295,10070.0;1988,275,12101.0;1988,467,14378.0;1988,470,7730.0;1988,471,7513.0;1988,472,16506.0;1988,276,17312.0;1988,473,13221.0;1988,474,33962.0;1988,475,12146.0;1988,476,48199.0;1988,277,12287.0;1988,34981,12287.0;1988,318,37946.0;1988,454,5662.0;1988,34987,5567.0;1988,5398,7803.0;1988,34988,6962.0;1988,34989,6266.0;1989,17,2842.0;1989,21,12903.0;1989,23,11793.0;1989,24,37500.0;1989,28,6636.0;1989,34978,42800.0;1989,34,11277.0;1989,37,12478.0;1989,39,16211.0;1989,41,6750.0;1989,44,15648.0;1989,172,8893.0;1989,171,10939.0;1989,34845,10939.0;1989,170,5526.0;1989,168,7321.0;1989,267,24487.0;1989,167,4500.0;1989,161,38745.0;1989,160,10000.0;1989,201,2614.0;1989,65,20830.0;1989,34982,8813.0;1989,155,21852.0;1989,3,44319.0;1989,6,26222.0;1989,149,18708.0;1989,146,5909.0;1989,138,25808.0;1989,137,9420.0;1989,2,45780.0;1989,133,11000.0;1989,8,28780.0;1989,132,9290.0;1989,14,24000.0;1989,124,19111.0;1989,123,9787.0;1989,120,17600.0;1989,113,6641.0;1989,110,7629.0;1989,142,5754.0;1989,5,46875.0;1989,106,25529.0;1989,101,4867.0;1989,98,8281.0;1989,97,20053.0;1989,11,19756.0;1989,127,12777.0;1989,92,10165.0;1989,91,3140.0;1989,87,7619.0;1989,81,14444.0;1989,9,10909.0;1989,10,31780.0;1989,7,45652.0;1989,77,6977.0;1989,71,5867.0;1989,70,24737.0;1989,68,5001.0;1989,1,32243.0;1989,64,3333.0;1989,13,32193.0;1989,63,22727.0;1989,270,14952.0;1989,238,5526.0;1989,61,16051.0;1989,34980,13015.0;1989,355,16419.0;1989,273,6139.0;1989,462,5613.0;1989,463,6579.0;1989,464,7716.0;1989,465,13277.0;1989,466,7619.0;1989,290,16520.0;1989,450,21151.0;1989,477,6641.0;1989,436,9359.0;1989,295,9309.0;1989,275,9999.0;1989,467,10951.0;1989,470,8181.0;1989,471,5754.0;1989,472,18198.0;1989,276,19200.0;1989,473,15361.0;1989,474,35781.0;1989,475,17363.0;1989,476,43022.0;1989,277,12523.0;1989,34981,12523.0;1989,318,35477.0;1989,454,5820.0;1989,34987,5310.0;1989,5398,8248.0;1989,34988,7362.0;1989,34989,6289.0;1990,17,3019.0;1990,21,7500.0;1990,23,10001.0;1990,24,35366.0;1990,28,6549.0;1990,34978,52901.0;1990,34,8592.0;1990,37,14410.0;1990,39,13890.0;1990,41,5950.0;1990,44,21394.0;1990,172,11008.0;1990,171,15364.0;1990,34845,15364.0;1990,170,4710.0;1990,168,7368.0;1990,267,27972.0;1990,167,4499.0;1990,161,48146.0;1990,160,10000.0;1990,201,3162.0;1990,65,15907.0;1990,34982,11028.0;1990,155,29355.0;1990,3,52277.0;1990,6,32363.0;1990,149,14502.0;1990,146,6222.0;1990,138,22607.0;1990,137,9093.0;1990,2,42601.0;1990,133,11250.0;1990,8,33969.0;1990,132,8618.0;1990,14,27551.0;1990,124,19135.0;1990,123,2362.0;1990,120,17000.0;1990,118,8333.0;1990,113,8535.0;1990,110,9091.0;1990,142,6012.0;1990,5,50833.0;1990,106,32323.0;1990,101,4955.0;1990,98,8288.0;1990,97,8581.0;1990,11,20000.0;1990,127,12769.0;1990,92,9504.0;1990,91,2385.0;1990,87,7857.0;1990,81,12333.0;1990,9,11758.0;1990,10,20000.0;1990,7,41169.0;1990,77,13160.0;1990,71,5890.0;1990,70,24324.0;1990,68,5000.0;1990,1,41721.0;1990,64,3014.0;1990,13,22464.0;1990,63,17318.0;1990,270,17183.0;1990,238,5745.0;1990,61,14689.0;1990,34980,13460.0;1990,355,19116.0;1990,273,6619.0;1990,462,6106.0;1990,463,6566.0;1990,464,8583.0;1990,465,4375.0;1990,466,12619.0;1990,290,14989.0;1990,450,21778.0;1990,477,8535.0;1990,436,8744.0;1990,295,6646.0;1990,275,12490.0;1990,467,15366.0;1990,470,8083.0;1990,471,6012.0;1990,472,18173.0;1990,276,22781.0;1990,473,17407.0;1990,474,44590.0;1990,475,19325.0;1990,476,50720.0;1990,277,11181.0;1990,34981,11181.0;1990,318,42582.0;1990,454,6111.0;1990,34987,4524.0;1990,5398,7919.0;1990,34988,7459.0;1990,34989,6290.0;1991,17,5296.0;1991,21,19302.0;1991,23,11079.0;1991,24,35000.0;1991,28,7035.0;1991,34978,41103.0;1991,34,11000.0;1991,37,17670.0;1991,39,9783.0;1991,41,5903.0;1991,44,20650.0;1991,172,9030.0;1991,171,13782.0;1991,34845,13782.0;1991,170,7258.0;1991,168,7414.0;1991,267,27542.0;1991,167,3732.0;1991,161,42180.0;1991,160,10000.0;1991,201,2501.0;1991,65,28134.0;1991,34982,14173.0;1991,155,25268.0;1991,3,48091.0;1991,6,32609.0;1991,149,17600.0;1991,146,6041.0;1991,138,23500.0;1991,137,10903.0;1991,2,40000.0;1991,133,11480.0;1991,8,33592.0;1991,132,8861.0;1991,14,25785.0;1991,124,19555.0;1991,123,747.0;1991,120,16216.0;1991,118,9814.0;1991,114,3233.0;1991,113,6887.0;1991,110,10919.0;1991,142,5399.0;1991,5,42857.0;1991,106,34217.0;1991,101,4961.0;1991,98,9088.0;1991,97,9176.0;1991,11,21622.0;1991,127,11850.0;1991,92,9669.0;1991,91,2444.0;1991,87,8095.0;1991,81,16000.0;1991,9,11848.0;1991,10,19873.0;1991,7,41872.0;1991,77,8735.0;1991,71,9483.0;1991,70,25882.0;1991,68,6000.0;1991,1,35897.0;1991,64,3200.0;1991,13,28673.0;1991,63,21110.0;1991,270,10260.0;1991,238,5567.0;1991,61,12131.0;1991,34980,18051.0;1991,355,15336.0;1991,273,8247.0;1991,462,7947.0;1991,463,6443.0;1991,464,10357.0;1991,465,5565.0;1991,466,5159.0;1991,290,18137.0;1991,450,22866.0;1991,477,6887.0;1991,436,8964.0;1991,295,9115.0;1991,275,11261.0;1991,467,13787.0;1991,470,9538.0;1991,471,5399.0;1991,472,17833.0;1991,276,16962.0;1991,473,11042.0;1991,474,38087.0;1991,475,22000.0;1991,476,46833.0;1991,277,12067.0;1991,34981,12067.0;1991,318,39785.0;1991,454,7474.0;1991,34987,4711.0;1991,5398,7998.0;1991,34988,8937.0;1991,34989,7352.0;1992,17,4615.0;1992,21,19780.0;1992,22,7857.0;1992,23,11935.0;1992,24,31396.0;1992,28,7009.0;1992,30,15270.0;1992,34978,42199.0;1992,34,11040.0;1992,35,15000.0;1992,37,21351.0;1992,39,17647.0;1992,41,5171.0;1992,44,19490.0;1992,172,12435.0;1992,171,13415.0;1992,34845,13415.0;1992,170,6364.0;1992,168,7482.0;1992,165,1358.0;1992,267,24722.0;1992,167,3748.0;1992,161,25630.0;1992,160,10000.0;1992,201,5653.0;1992,65,26434.0;1992,156,10588.0;1992,34982,7389.0;1992,155,17853.0;1992,3,47400.0;1992,6,25517.0;1992,149,15350.0;1992,146,6003.0;1992,138,21800.0;1992,137,9544.0;1992,2,40991.0;1992,133,11000.0;1992,8,32354.0;1992,132,10700.0;1992,14,23327.0;1992,131,6480.0;1992,122,13600.0;1992,124,20778.0;1992,123,5600.0;1992,120,16279.0;1992,119,10866.0;1992,118,10833.0;1992,114,3226.0;1992,113,8025.0;1992,110,2500.0;1992,142,5830.0;1992,5,41887.0;1992,106,33245.0;1992,104,4000.0;1992,101,5007.0;1992,98,8765.0;1992,97,7752.0;1992,11,13636.0;1992,127,11000.0;1992,111,19670.0;1992,92,14980.0;1992,12,13666.0;1992,91,2750.0;1992,268,22682.0;1992,87,7906.0;1992,83,16140.0;1992,81,16185.0;1992,9,11831.0;1992,10,20833.0;1992,7,39924.0;1992,77,14300.0;1992,76,4286.0;1992,66,17713.0;1992,71,7526.0;1992,70,25047.0;1992,69,29412.0;1992,68,5769.0;1992,67,24175.0;1992,1,33038.0;1992,64,3077.0;1992,13,21706.0;1992,63,21115.0;1992,238,5217.0;1992,61,17213.0;1992,355,18676.0;1992,273,5522.0;1992,462,5576.0;1992,463,6398.0;1992,464,4475.0;1992,465,11715.0;1992,466,4408.0;1992,290,16906.0;1992,450,19942.0;1992,477,8025.0;1992,436,10638.0;1992,295,9322.0;1992,275,9876.0;1992,469,6747.0;1992,467,13421.0;1992,470,8564.0;1992,471,5830.0;1992,472,19466.0;1992,276,23135.0;1992,473,17925.0;1992,474,26447.0;1992,475,19496.0;1992,476,45614.0;1992,277,13126.0;1992,34981,13126.0;1992,318,37220.0;1992,454,5756.0;1992,34987,7982.0;1992,5398,9101.0;1992,34988,7623.0;1992,34989,5531.0;1993,17,1619.0;1993,21,19897.0;1993,22,7714.0;1993,23,13967.0;1993,24,24342.0;1993,28,6643.0;1993,30,20806.0;1993,34978,46301.0;1993,31,15000.0;1993,34,10980.0;1993,35,14615.0;1993,37,18686.0;1993,39,11455.0;1993,41,5160.0;1993,44,20757.0;1993,172,8415.0;1993,171,16000.0;1993,34845,16000.0;1993,170,5000.0;1993,168,7492.0;1993,165,1123.0;1993,162,24263.0;1993,167,3764.0;1993,161,37642.0;1993,160,10000.0;1993,201,6342.0;1993,65,25000.0;1993,157,912.0;1993,156,18529.0;1993,158,7460.0;1993,155,23622.0;1993,3,50399.0;1993,6,27686.0;1993,149,23333.0;1993,146,5909.0;1993,138,15878.0;1993,137,9030.0;1993,2,41098.0;1993,133,12417.0;1993,8,30310.0;1993,132,11445.0;1993,14,22155.0;1993,131,6600.0;1993,122,15746.0;1993,124,22055.0;1993,123,5433.0;1993,120,16327.0;1993,119,18506.0;1993,118,13043.0;1993,114,3231.0;1993,113,8625.0;1993,110,13095.0;1993,142,5941.0;1993,5,43438.0;1993,106,32192.0;1993,104,3982.0;1993,101,5058.0;1993,98,9118.0;1993,97,8572.0;1993,11,17778.0;1993,127,13333.0;1993,111,19101.0;1993,92,11519.0;1993,12,14744.0;1993,91,2500.0;1993,268,19820.0;1993,87,7905.0;1993,85,18821.0;1993,83,10969.0;1993,81,12308.0;1993,9,12187.0;1993,10,20400.0;1993,7,35398.0;1993,77,14150.0;1993,76,4280.0;1993,66,14727.0;1993,71,6300.0;1993,70,25000.0;1993,69,10000.0;1993,68,5926.0;1993,67,24083.0;1993,1,40988.0;1993,64,3077.0;1993,13,30971.0;1993,63,21119.0;1993,238,5575.0;1993,61,17513.0;1993,355,20059.0;1993,273,6539.0;1993,462,5781.0;1993,463,6427.0;1993,464,10510.0;1993,465,10249.0;1993,466,4209.0;1993,290,19708.0;1993,450,21969.0;1993,477,8839.0;1993,436,11323.0;1993,295,9307.0;1993,275,11221.0;1993,469,6588.0;1993,467,16004.0;1993,470,8201.0;1993,471,5941.0;1993,472,19270.0;1993,276,24986.0;1993,473,18501.0;1993,474,36785.0;1993,475,18691.0;1993,476,47599.0;1993,277,14821.0;1993,34981,14821.0;1993,318,38672.0;1993,454,5888.0;1993,34987,8164.0;1993,5398,9495.0;1993,34988,7491.0;1993,34989,6295.0;1994,17,2361.0;1994,21,22286.0;1994,22,8571.0;1994,23,5220.0;1994,24,34442.0;1994,28,6304.0;1994,30,16508.0;1994,34978,40400.0;1994,31,14944.0;1994,34,11111.0;1994,35,15000.0;1994,37,16561.0;1994,39,13054.0;1994,41,4899.0;1994,44,21070.0;1994,172,11319.0;1994,171,15799.0;1994,34845,15799.0;1994,170,5000.0;1994,168,7500.0;1994,165,1380.0;1994,162,24219.0;1994,167,3780.0;1994,161,37261.0;1994,160,10000.0;1994,201,3392.0;1994,65,26429.0;1994,157,5018.0;1994,156,15714.0;1994,158,5869.0;1994,155,22419.0;1994,3,50873.0;1994,6,33556.0;1994,149,16387.0;1994,146,5949.0;1994,138,24873.0;1994,137,9266.0;1994,2,41258.0;1994,133,11425.0;1994,8,32315.0;1994,132,11418.0;1994,14,21667.0;1994,131,5581.0;1994,122,15909.0;1994,124,23842.0;1994,123,3086.0;1994,120,16667.0;1994,119,8571.0;1994,118,11091.0;1994,114,3226.0;1994,113,9869.0;1994,110,6862.0;1994,142,6047.0;1994,5,45652.0;1994,106,30437.0;1994,104,4000.0;1994,101,5358.0;1994,98,9139.0;1994,97,8606.0;1994,11,19410.0;1994,127,12500.0;1994,111,11682.0;1994,92,11105.0;1994,12,13673.0;1994,91,3158.0;1994,268,18680.0;1994,87,8000.0;1994,85,29358.0;1994,83,30167.0;1994,81,12530.0;1994,9,10298.0;1994,10,20400.0;1994,7,39556.0;1994,77,16104.0;1994,76,4196.0;1994,66,17908.0;1994,71,2880.0;1994,70,26667.0;1994,69,33333.0;1994,68,6071.0;1994,67,22683.0;1994,1,46835.0;1994,64,3000.0;1994,13,25867.0;1994,63,21123.0;1994,238,5827.0;1994,61,15964.0;1994,355,18755.0;1994,273,5452.0;1994,462,5275.0;1994,463,6433.0;1994,464,6191.0;1994,465,6911.0;1994,466,4068.0;1994,290,20161.0;1994,450,21419.0;1994,477,10613.0;1994,436,11319.0;1994,295,10233.0;1994,275,11687.0;1994,469,6561.0;1994,467,15802.0;1994,470,8512.0;1994,471,6047.0;1994,472,19400.0;1994,276,24179.0;1994,473,17557.0;1994,474,38848.0;1994,475,12938.0;1994,476,48898.0;1994,277,6253.0;1994,34981,6253.0;1994,318,40069.0;1994,454,5438.0;1994,34987,6654.0;1994,5398,9957.0;1994,34988,7661.0;1994,34989,5678.0;1995,17,2488.0;1995,21,13394.0;1995,22,7500.0;1995,23,13886.0;1995,24,31496.0;1995,28,6241.0;1995,30,16716.0;1995,34978,44130.0;1995,31,15000.0;1995,34,11429.0;1995,35,14667.0;1995,37,17416.0;1995,39,15910.0;1995,41,6296.0;1995,44,18388.0;1995,172,10092.0;1995,171,15554.0;1995,34845,15554.0;1995,168,7541.0;1995,165,2926.0;1995,162,25006.0;1995,167,3788.0;1995,161,38007.0;1995,160,10833.0;1995,201,4980.0;1995,65,27701.0;1995,157,4929.0;1995,156,16065.0;1995,158,9132.0;1995,155,24222.0;1995,3,46569.0;1995,6,33645.0;1995,149,16376.0;1995,146,5939.0;1995,138,25278.0;1995,137,8791.0;1995,2,41430.0;1995,133,11055.0;1995,8,29820.0;1995,132,11223.0;1995,14,16512.0;1995,131,4722.0;1995,122,13846.0;1995,124,23412.0;1995,123,2872.0;1995,120,16436.0;1995,119,10000.0;1995,118,10390.0;1995,114,3223.0;1995,113,8955.0;1995,110,1401.0;1995,142,6793.0;1995,5,45455.0;1995,106,30638.0;1995,104,4000.0;1995,101,5435.0;1995,98,8983.0;1995,97,9141.0;1995,11,22543.0;1995,127,13333.0;1995,111,11900.0;1995,92,16844.0;1995,12,8364.0;1995,91,3000.0;1995,268,20315.0;1995,87,8042.0;1995,85,21699.0;1995,83,49875.0;1995,81,12328.0;1995,9,7641.0;1995,10,23000.0;1995,7,41293.0;1995,77,14377.0;1995,76,4267.0;1995,66,16487.0;1995,71,2358.0;1995,70,24375.0;1995,69,8688.0;1995,68,5714.0;1995,67,14173.0;1995,1,37632.0;1995,64,3667.0;1995,13,32963.0;1995,63,21128.0;1995,238,5793.0;1995,61,15899.0;1995,355,16076.0;1995,273,6471.0;1995,462,7124.0;1995,463,6445.0;1995,464,2927.0;1995,465,7000.0;1995,466,3956.0;1995,290,19025.0;1995,450,19752.0;1995,477,10642.0;1995,436,11197.0;1995,295,10098.0;1995,275,10950.0;1995,469,5222.0;1995,467,15554.0;1995,470,8192.0;1995,471,6793.0;1995,472,18501.0;1995,276,18917.0;1995,473,11821.0;1995,474,35069.0;1995,475,10954.0;1995,476,44870.0;1995,277,14658.0;1995,34981,14658.0;1995,318,36507.0;1995,454,6901.0;1995,34987,7808.0;1995,5398,10126.0;1995,34988,7859.0;1995,34989,6433.0;1996,17,5672.0;1996,21,15789.0;1996,22,10800.0;1996,23,13518.0;1996,24,30100.0;1996,28,6369.0;1996,30,19890.0;1996,34978,53728.0;1996,31,14286.0;1996,34,11429.0;1996,35,15939.0;1996,37,19583.0;1996,39,13408.0;1996,41,6082.0;1996,44,22558.0;1996,172,7267.0;1996,171,16210.0;1996,34845,16210.0;1996,170,9115.0;1996,168,7581.0;1996,165,2192.0;1996,162,25452.0;1996,167,3767.0;1996,161,37079.0;1996,160,10893.0;1996,201,7939.0;1996,65,28540.0;1996,157,5092.0;1996,156,22942.0;1996,158,6527.0;1996,155,23333.0;1996,3,48340.0;1996,6,34479.0;1996,149,18152.0;1996,146,5882.0;1996,138,19376.0;1996,137,8361.0;1996,2,42117.0;1996,133,10600.0;1996,8,30900.0;1996,132,11108.0;1996,14,17111.0;1996,131,7493.0;1996,122,20833.0;1996,124,25156.0;1996,123,9181.0;1996,120,16387.0;1996,119,13310.0;1996,118,13636.0;1996,114,3200.0;1996,113,9864.0;1996,110,9210.0;1996,142,6667.0;1996,5,47760.0;1996,106,30998.0;1996,104,4000.0;1996,140,27027.0;1996,101,5518.0;1996,98,8902.0;1996,97,9231.0;1996,11,22776.0;1996,111,7254.0;1996,92,12182.0;1996,12,12177.0;1996,91,3107.0;1996,268,18447.0;1996,87,8049.0;1996,85,20927.0;1996,83,55966.0;1996,81,11430.0;1996,9,10244.0;1996,10,38588.0;1996,7,47986.0;1996,77,10574.0;1996,76,2518.0;1996,66,33694.0;1996,71,8000.0;1996,70,24242.0;1996,69,10000.0;1996,68,5862.0;1996,67,13465.0;1996,1,30380.0;1996,64,4000.0;1996,13,17547.0;1996,63,21132.0;1996,238,5750.0;1996,61,14611.0;1996,355,17045.0;1996,273,6244.0;1996,462,5883.0;1996,463,6442.0;1996,464,9101.0;1996,465,9883.0;1996,466,3850.0;1996,290,20287.0;1996,450,21848.0;1996,477,11008.0;1996,436,11091.0;1996,295,10623.0;1996,275,11322.0;1996,469,7746.0;1996,467,16210.0;1996,470,7851.0;1996,471,6667.0;1996,472,19166.0;1996,276,21538.0;1996,473,13687.0;1996,474,31805.0;1996,475,12214.0;1996,476,45641.0;1996,277,14263.0;1996,34981,14263.0;1996,318,35993.0;1996,454,5968.0;1996,34987,6580.0;1996,5398,10047.0;1996,34988,7239.0;1996,34989,6228.0;1997,17,1583.0;1997,21,13103.0;1997,22,10000.0;1997,23,8626.0;1997,24,31906.0;1997,28,6114.0;1997,30,20222.0;1997,34978,48370.0;1997,31,15455.0;1997,34,11429.0;1997,35,15000.0;1997,37,20847.0;1997,39,12837.0;1997,41,6253.0;1997,44,20787.0;1997,172,8829.0;1997,171,14925.0;1997,34845,14925.0;1997,170,11965.0;1997,168,7377.0;1997,165,7213.0;1997,162,21247.0;1997,167,3704.0;1997,161,40450.0;1997,160,10898.0;1997,201,6815.0;1997,65,19034.0;1997,157,4840.0;1997,156,19057.0;1997,158,8527.0;1997,155,21833.0;1997,3,50363.0;1997,6,33556.0;1997,149,17413.0;1997,146,5926.0;1997,138,21095.0;1997,137,9866.0;1997,2,42124.0;1997,133,10750.0;1997,8,22954.0;1997,132,10469.0;1997,14,17917.0;1997,131,7460.0;1997,122,18966.0;1997,124,25340.0;1997,123,7512.0;1997,120,16429.0;1997,119,12933.0;1997,118,13462.0;1997,117,5294.0;1997,114,3226.0;1997,113,10162.0;1997,110,4205.0;1997,142,6486.0;1997,5,42500.0;1997,106,32516.0;1997,104,4000.0;1997,140,26361.0;1997,101,5513.0;1997,98,8941.0;1997,97,8636.0;1997,11,22331.0;1997,111,15675.0;1997,92,12567.0;1997,12,13829.0;1997,91,3182.0;1997,268,17710.0;1997,87,8060.0;1997,85,22280.0;1997,83,56961.0;1997,81,12808.0;1997,9,9694.0;1997,10,34954.0;1997,7,42057.0;1997,77,10674.0;1997,76,6397.0;1997,66,33182.0;1997,71,8138.0;1997,70,23353.0;1997,69,10000.0;1997,68,6667.0;1997,67,15669.0;1997,1,37935.0;1997,64,3667.0;1997,13,26082.0;1997,63,21130.0;1997,238,5682.0;1997,61,11951.0;1997,355,18786.0;1997,273,6369.0;1997,462,6658.0;1997,463,6221.0;1997,464,4860.0;1997,465,9400.0;1997,466,3758.0;1997,290,20305.0;1997,450,21419.0;1997,477,11855.0;1997,436,10513.0;1997,295,10823.0;1997,275,11365.0;1997,469,7817.0;1997,467,14927.0;1997,470,9025.0;1997,471,6486.0;1997,472,17024.0;1997,276,25663.0;1997,473,15559.0;1997,474,36014.0;1997,475,12065.0;1997,476,46549.0;1997,277,9584.0;1997,34981,9584.0;1997,318,38971.0;1997,454,6499.0;1997,34987,7796.0;1997,5398,9432.0;1997,34988,8261.0;1997,34989,6297.0;1998,17,4555.0;1998,21,14000.0;1998,22,6250.0;1998,23,8076.0;1998,24,30444.0;1998,28,6178.0;1998,30,14703.0;1998,34978,44316.0;1998,31,15000.0;1998,34,11429.0;1998,35,18657.0;1998,37,23416.0;1998,39,16681.0;1998,41,6366.0;1998,44,21667.0;1998,172,10092.0;1998,171,16019.0;1998,34845,16019.0;1998,170,10685.0;1998,168,7581.0;1998,165,1913.0;1998,162,23890.0;1998,167,3782.0;1998,161,36392.0;1998,160,10914.0;1998,201,8659.0;1998,65,18211.0;1998,157,4360.0;1998,156,12293.0;1998,158,7124.0;1998,155,8571.0;1998,3,53287.0;1998,152,13333.0;1998,6,34903.0;1998,149,16888.0;1998,146,5923.0;1998,138,24311.0;1998,137,8915.0;1998,2,41538.0;1998,133,11000.0;1998,8,25669.0;1998,132,9744.0;1998,14,18000.0;1998,131,7685.0;1998,122,17027.0;1998,124,25503.0;1998,123,6555.0;1998,120,16207.0;1998,119,16366.0;1998,118,14052.0;1998,117,4286.0;1998,114,3158.0;1998,113,7639.0;1998,110,5689.0;1998,142,7670.0;1998,5,43592.0;1998,106,31981.0;1998,104,4000.0;1998,140,26305.0;1998,101,5833.0;1998,98,8782.0;1998,97,10713.0;1998,11,22113.0;1998,111,16865.0;1998,92,17416.0;1998,12,11206.0;1998,91,2978.0;1998,268,21154.0;1998,87,8059.0;1998,85,22542.0;1998,83,58268.0;1998,81,10700.0;1998,9,12977.0;1998,10,17825.0;1998,7,40126.0;1998,77,10966.0;1998,76,2415.0;1998,66,33220.0;1998,71,6649.0;1998,70,21379.0;1998,69,16067.0;1998,68,6129.0;1998,67,13787.0;1998,1,31703.0;1998,64,4032.0;1998,13,23770.0;1998,63,21358.0;1998,238,10000.0;1998,61,13454.0;1998,355,19073.0;1998,273,5886.0;1998,462,5933.0;1998,463,6382.0;1998,464,6220.0;1998,465,7248.0;1998,466,3610.0;1998,290,21041.0;1998,450,21890.0;1998,477,10643.0;1998,436,9895.0;1998,295,11534.0;1998,275,11695.0;1998,469,9167.0;1998,467,16020.0;1998,470,8330.0;1998,471,7670.0;1998,472,17884.0;1998,276,26595.0;1998,473,14010.0;1998,474,28126.0;1998,475,15097.0;1998,476,47908.0;1998,277,9346.0;1998,34981,9346.0;1998,318,38730.0;1998,454,6004.0;1998,34987,7457.0;1998,5398,9697.0;1998,34988,7603.0;1998,34989,6191.0;1999,17,4650.0;1999,21,11500.0;1999,22,8476.0;1999,23,11131.0;1999,24,30326.0;1999,28,5570.0;1999,30,11071.0;1999,34978,50379.0;1999,31,14726.0;1999,34,11429.0;1999,35,20495.0;1999,37,21440.0;1999,39,27143.0;1999,41,6238.0;1999,44,26966.0;1999,172,6365.0;1999,171,12530.0;1999,34845,12530.0;1999,170,10472.0;1999,168,7619.0;1999,165,16480.0;1999,162,26531.0;1999,167,3757.0;1999,161,29294.0;1999,160,11200.0;1999,201,4875.0;1999,65,26120.0;1999,157,4000.0;1999,156,10534.0;1999,158,6496.0;1999,155,15000.0;1999,3,55023.0;1999,152,8000.0;1999,6,37088.0;1999,149,16588.0;1999,146,5915.0;1999,138,21648.0;1999,137,8451.0;1999,2,40000.0;1999,133,10246.0;1999,8,27600.0;1999,132,10637.0;1999,14,19085.0;1999,131,8000.0;1999,122,14667.0;1999,124,25263.0;1999,123,8532.0;1999,120,16000.0;1999,119,14220.0;1999,118,14774.0;1999,117,4286.0;1999,114,3182.0;1999,113,9181.0;1999,110,3884.0;1999,142,7365.0;1999,5,47333.0;1999,106,31023.0;1999,104,4000.0;1999,140,26000.0;1999,101,6767.0;1999,98,9341.0;1999,97,9439.0;1999,11,23375.0;1999,111,10936.0;1999,92,17452.0;1999,12,10904.0;1999,91,3028.0;1999,268,21424.0;1999,87,8000.0;1999,85,20493.0;1999,83,22222.0;1999,81,6000.0;1999,9,11247.0;1999,10,27221.0;1999,7,34915.0;1999,77,15472.0;1999,76,4608.0;1999,66,30000.0;1999,71,6295.0;1999,70,23077.0;1999,69,17500.0;1999,68,6786.0;1999,67,12802.0;1999,1,39665.0;1999,64,4444.0;1999,13,23855.0;1999,63,22174.0;1999,62,6953.0;1999,238,10182.0;1999,61,13862.0;1999,355,18512.0;1999,273,5738.0;1999,462,5874.0;1999,463,6373.0;1999,464,5317.0;1999,465,8236.0;1999,466,3560.0;1999,290,24984.0;1999,450,26620.0;1999,477,10850.0;1999,436,10715.0;1999,295,10103.0;1999,275,10100.0;1999,469,8916.0;1999,467,12534.0;1999,470,8149.0;1999,471,7365.0;1999,472,18524.0;1999,276,26075.0;1999,473,13000.0;1999,474,30394.0;1999,475,15117.0;1999,476,49008.0;1999,277,12122.0;1999,34981,12122.0;1999,318,40075.0;1999,454,5906.0;1999,34987,6888.0;1999,5398,10060.0;1999,34988,7483.0;1999,34989,6204.0;2000,17,2222.0;2000,21,11200.0;2000,22,10000.0;2000,23,11486.0;2000,24,23479.0;2000,25,24286.0;2000,28,7539.0;2000,30,16291.0;2000,4,42143.0;2000,31,15000.0;2000,34,14286.0;2000,35,12221.0;2000,37,25215.0;2000,39,14897.0;2000,41,6206.0;2000,44,23480.0;2000,172,8971.0;2000,171,12143.0;2000,34845,12143.0;2000,170,11120.0;2000,168,7656.0;2000,165,21667.0;2000,162,22248.0;2000,167,3852.0;2000,161,38286.0;2000,160,10901.0;2000,201,2692.0;2000,65,18293.0;2000,157,3649.0;2000,156,16822.0;2000,158,7375.0;2000,155,22500.0;2000,3,45140.0;2000,152,6750.0;2000,6,28934.0;2000,149,19538.0;2000,146,5882.0;2000,138,18677.0;2000,137,10294.0;2000,2,34000.0;2000,133,9936.0;2000,8,26916.0;2000,132,10134.0;2000,14,20000.0;2000,131,9200.0;2000,122,21429.0;2000,124,25000.0;2000,123,7475.0;2000,120,15806.0;2000,119,19722.0;2000,210,28654.0;2000,118,16455.0;2000,117,5517.0;2000,114,3278.0;2000,113,10674.0;2000,110,2023.0;2000,142,7692.0;2000,5,50000.0;2000,106,32000.0;2000,104,4000.0;2000,140,27778.0;2000,101,5756.0;2000,98,8437.0;2000,97,10359.0;2000,11,19469.0;2000,111,6124.0;2000,92,10840.0;2000,12,15215.0;2000,91,5115.0;2000,268,17362.0;2000,87,8000.0;2000,85,12389.0;2000,83,26923.0;2000,81,11429.0;2000,9,14097.0;2000,10,24165.0;2000,7,35271.0;2000,77,12308.0;2000,76,4699.0;2000,66,23484.0;2000,71,5246.0;2000,70,23308.0;2000,69,16824.0;2000,68,6897.0;2000,67,17511.0;2000,1,36962.0;2000,64,4387.0;2000,13,22124.0;2000,63,20385.0;2000,62,8444.0;2000,238,12800.0;2000,61,13185.0;2000,355,17842.0;2000,273,5970.0;2000,462,6438.0;2000,463,6429.0;2000,464,3423.0;2000,465,7864.0;2000,466,3560.0;2000,290,22449.0;2000,450,23405.0;2000,477,12732.0;2000,436,10294.0;2000,295,10470.0;2000,275,10745.0;2000,469,9781.0;2000,467,12146.0;2000,470,9578.0;2000,471,7692.0;2000,472,20297.0;2000,276,25337.0;2000,473,16025.0;2000,474,32003.0;2000,475,15887.0;2000,476,39935.0;2000,277,12470.0;2000,34981,12470.0;2000,318,34645.0;2000,454,6452.0;2000,34987,7193.0;2000,5398,12193.0;2000,34988,8602.0;2000,34989,6360.0;2001,17,5592.0;2001,21,13333.0;2001,22,10385.0;2001,23,15193.0;2001,24,29144.0;2001,25,28182.0;2001,28,7638.0;2001,30,16586.0;2001,4,43571.0;2001,31,14894.0;2001,34,12989.0;2001,35,16857.0;2001,37,23465.0;2001,39,20987.0;2001,41,7177.0;2001,44,15915.0;2001,172,10288.0;2001,171,11890.0;2001,34845,11890.0;2001,170,12221.0;2001,168,7578.0;2001,165,18559.0;2001,162,25685.0;2001,167,3899.0;2001,161,34659.0;2001,160,10954.0;2001,201,2699.0;2001,65,18485.0;2001,157,5553.0;2001,156,15518.0;2001,158,6784.0;2001,155,21296.0;2001,3,39808.0;2001,152,6901.0;2001,6,34205.0;2001,149,17788.0;2001,146,5899.0;2001,138,24324.0;2001,137,8602.0;2001,2,38000.0;2001,133,9653.0;2001,8,31001.0;2001,132,10657.0;2001,14,20000.0;2001,131,8774.0;2001,122,12381.0;2001,124,25000.0;2001,123,8228.0;2001,120,15625.0;2001,119,14778.0;2001,210,32857.0;2001,118,16122.0;2001,117,4667.0;2001,114,3316.0;2001,113,11458.0;2001,110,4651.0;2001,142,8065.0;2001,5,46667.0;2001,106,29000.0;2001,104,4000.0;2001,140,25000.0;2001,101,5959.0;2001,98,9399.0;2001,97,11122.0;2001,11,20421.0;2001,111,19374.0;2001,92,18547.0;2001,12,19647.0;2001,91,5072.0;2001,268,22045.0;2001,87,8214.0;2001,85,25578.0;2001,83,29231.0;2001,81,10958.0;2001,9,10339.0;2001,10,25495.0;2001,7,37278.0;2001,77,12066.0;2001,76,5698.0;2001,66,18750.0;2001,71,6917.0;2001,70,21600.0;2001,69,16000.0;2001,68,5769.0;2001,67,20709.0;2001,1,35254.0;2001,64,4381.0;2001,13,21933.0;2001,63,21667.0;2001,62,6667.0;2001,238,10952.0;2001,61,12726.0;2001,355,16884.0;2001,273,6102.0;2001,462,6270.0;2001,463,6414.0;2001,464,5948.0;2001,465,8487.0;2001,466,3566.0;2001,290,15927.0;2001,450,16259.0;2001,477,12807.0;2001,436,10723.0;2001,295,11440.0;2001,275,10224.0;2001,469,9719.0;2001,467,11894.0;2001,470,8227.0;2001,471,8065.0;2001,472,19591.0;2001,276,26346.0;2001,473,20090.0;2001,474,30598.0;2001,475,14528.0;2001,476,37691.0;2001,277,15706.0;2001,34981,15706.0;2001,318,33312.0;2001,454,6321.0;2001,34987,7582.0;2001,5398,11203.0;2001,34988,7450.0;2001,34989,6457.0;2002,17,6088.0;2002,21,12222.0;2002,22,19200.0;2002,23,4695.0;2002,24,23146.0;2002,25,28182.0;2002,28,7460.0;2002,30,19783.0;2002,4,37692.0;2002,31,15000.0;2002,34,13000.0;2002,35,25940.0;2002,37,23939.0;2002,39,21700.0;2002,41,6944.0;2002,44,13111.0;2002,172,7437.0;2002,171,15789.0;2002,34845,15789.0;2002,170,13806.0;2002,168,7656.0;2002,165,22150.0;2002,162,20073.0;2002,167,4000.0;2002,161,37074.0;2002,160,11538.0;2002,201,1951.0;2002,65,18571.0;2002,157,7361.0;2002,156,21679.0;2002,158,9796.0;2002,155,21765.0;2002,3,49208.0;2002,152,5781.0;2002,6,27803.0;2002,149,16612.0;2002,146,5893.0;2002,138,21931.0;2002,137,9065.0;2002,2,40000.0;2002,133,9330.0;2002,8,31064.0;2002,132,10146.0;2002,14,20591.0;2002,131,14830.0;2002,122,17368.0;2002,124,25263.0;2002,123,3383.0;2002,120,16286.0;2002,119,20109.0;2002,210,33585.0;2002,118,15536.0;2002,117,5641.0;2002,114,3333.0;2002,113,11603.0;2002,110,5461.0;2002,142,7857.0;2002,5,41176.0;2002,106,26963.0;2002,104,4000.0;2002,140,26316.0;2002,101,5884.0;2002,98,8840.0;2002,97,10828.0;2002,11,22880.0;2002,111,9616.0;2002,92,13777.0;2002,12,16733.0;2002,91,5132.0;2002,268,25171.0;2002,87,8000.0;2002,85,28581.0;2002,83,34069.0;2002,81,10917.0;2002,9,12583.0;2002,10,26409.0;2002,7,40110.0;2002,77,12039.0;2002,76,6400.0;2002,66,20800.0;2002,71,4149.0;2002,70,27586.0;2002,69,12658.0;2002,68,5926.0;2002,67,18908.0;2002,1,34353.0;2002,64,4446.0;2002,13,18558.0;2002,63,21200.0;2002,62,3846.0;2002,238,7459.0;2002,61,12686.0;2002,355,16021.0;2002,273,7213.0;2002,462,7819.0;2002,463,6527.0;2002,464,5971.0;2002,465,3947.0;2002,466,3588.0;2002,290,13526.0;2002,450,13686.0;2002,477,12929.0;2002,436,10480.0;2002,295,11826.0;2002,275,12473.0;2002,469,12467.0;2002,467,15792.0;2002,470,8631.0;2002,471,7857.0;2002,472,20686.0;2002,276,24805.0;2002,473,17584.0;2002,474,31422.0;2002,475,16085.0;2002,476,41107.0;2002,277,5318.0;2002,34981,5318.0;2002,318,34352.0;2002,454,7423.0;2002,34987,8798.0;2002,5398,11002.0;2002,34988,8168.0;2002,34989,7239.0;2003,17,7306.0;2003,21,12000.0;2003,22,19756.0;2003,23,13760.0;2003,24,22123.0;2003,25,26923.0;2003,28,7564.0;2003,30,22763.0;2003,4,49576.0;2003,31,14938.0;2003,33,35714.0;2003,34,12927.0;2003,35,21941.0;2003,37,26331.0;2003,39,16880.0;2003,41,8226.0;2003,44,16802.0;2003,172,7887.0;2003,171,14894.0;2003,34845,14894.0;2003,170,14967.0;2003,168,7639.0;2003,165,26700.0;2003,162,22295.0;2003,167,4000.0;2003,161,39849.0;2003,160,12500.0;2003,201,3760.0;2003,65,18182.0;2003,157,7055.0;2003,156,12016.0;2003,158,7447.0;2003,155,24878.0;2003,3,44094.0;2003,152,6161.0;2003,6,28822.0;2003,149,11650.0;2003,146,5888.0;2003,138,13439.0;2003,137,8914.0;2003,2,47000.0;2003,133,9001.0;2003,8,30321.0;2003,132,10258.0;2003,14,20620.0;2003,131,13013.0;2003,126,13598.0;2003,122,18095.0;2003,124,25263.0;2003,123,2994.0;2003,120,16286.0;2003,119,29189.0;2003,210,37333.0;2003,118,15539.0;2003,117,5714.0;2003,114,3246.0;2003,113,21121.0;2003,110,6873.0;2003,142,9153.0;2003,5,34483.0;2003,106,34259.0;2003,104,4029.0;2003,140,25000.0;2003,101,5934.0;2003,98,8141.0;2003,97,10743.0;2003,11,20114.0;2003,111,4769.0;2003,92,12958.0;2003,12,14653.0;2003,91,5095.0;2003,268,19204.0;2003,87,8387.0;2003,85,16251.0;2003,83,16731.0;2003,81,12913.0;2003,9,14084.0;2003,10,27429.0;2003,7,35163.0;2003,77,18333.0;2003,76,6607.0;2003,66,24967.0;2003,71,5147.0;2003,70,30435.0;2003,69,18750.0;2003,68,5185.0;2003,67,10995.0;2003,1,39184.0;2003,64,4615.0;2003,13,17749.0;2003,63,20769.0;2003,62,7000.0;2003,238,14452.0;2003,61,12563.0;2003,355,16118.0;2003,273,6519.0;2003,462,6750.0;2003,463,6513.0;2003,464,7126.0;2003,465,3797.0;2003,466,3528.0;2003,290,16557.0;2003,450,16900.0;2003,477,18953.0;2003,436,10776.0;2003,295,12184.0;2003,275,12026.0;2003,469,13222.0;2003,467,14897.0;2003,470,8531.0;2003,471,9153.0;2003,472,22010.0;2003,276,22281.0;2003,473,13928.0;2003,474,35125.0;2003,475,16014.0;2003,476,38566.0;2003,277,14274.0;2003,34981,14274.0;2003,318,32879.0;2003,454,6693.0;2003,34987,7580.0;2003,5398,11187.0;2003,34988,7744.0;2003,34989,6802.0;2004,17,7902.0;2004,21,11200.0;2004,22,12845.0;2004,23,7011.0;2004,24,31060.0;2004,25,22748.0;2004,28,8079.0;2004,30,26224.0;2004,4,36564.0;2004,31,15000.0;2004,33,36778.0;2004,34,13023.0;2004,35,27079.0;2004,37,27392.0;2004,39,26295.0;2004,41,8723.0;2004,44,24899.0;2004,172,7887.0;2004,171,12073.0;2004,34845,12073.0;2004,170,14436.0;2004,168,7566.0;2004,165,21392.0;2004,162,33493.0;2004,167,4000.0;2004,161,36217.0;2004,160,12241.0;2004,201,4247.0;2004,65,18710.0;2004,157,1217.0;2004,156,7618.0;2004,158,8361.0;2004,155,20741.0;2004,3,47079.0;2004,152,8350.0;2004,6,38204.0;2004,149,33431.0;2004,146,5882.0;2004,138,29634.0;2004,137,10221.0;2004,2,45000.0;2004,133,8691.0;2004,8,31486.0;2004,132,10341.0;2004,14,21540.0;2004,131,11997.0;2004,126,14203.0;2004,122,18000.0;2004,124,25318.0;2004,123,4332.0;2004,120,16000.0;2004,119,19130.0;2004,210,35772.0;2004,118,15915.0;2004,117,7188.0;2004,114,3235.0;2004,113,16180.0;2004,110,6737.0;2004,142,9467.0;2004,5,39630.0;2004,106,30000.0;2004,104,4000.0;2004,140,25834.0;2004,101,5903.0;2004,98,10537.0;2004,97,10005.0;2004,96,4211.0;2004,11,25405.0;2004,111,21670.0;2004,92,24170.0;2004,12,17185.0;2004,91,5209.0;2004,268,25277.0;2004,87,8571.0;2004,85,30587.0;2004,83,28900.0;2004,81,10504.0;2004,9,14676.0;2004,10,26573.0;2004,7,36570.0;2004,77,13285.0;2004,76,5478.0;2004,66,15253.0;2004,71,6530.0;2004,70,25926.0;2004,69,16000.0;2004,68,6000.0;2004,67,24644.0;2004,1,34500.0;2004,64,4614.0;2004,13,25204.0;2004,63,21200.0;2004,62,6154.0;2004,238,14545.0;2004,61,14236.0;2004,355,18555.0;2004,273,7229.0;2004,462,7533.0;2004,463,6455.0;2004,464,7361.0;2004,465,5698.0;2004,466,3544.0;2004,290,24009.0;2004,450,24942.0;2004,477,15697.0;2004,436,10896.0;2004,295,11964.0;2004,275,10930.0;2004,469,11591.0;2004,467,12078.0;2004,470,9665.0;2004,471,9463.0;2004,472,19390.0;2004,276,26962.0;2004,473,20209.0;2004,474,30445.0;2004,475,16806.0;2004,476,43667.0;2004,277,7555.0;2004,34981,7555.0;2004,318,35560.0;2004,454,7441.0;2004,34987,8738.0;2004,5398,11062.0;2004,34988,8721.0;2004,34989,7329.0;2005,17,6433.0;2005,21,11250.0;2005,22,18242.0;2005,23,15984.0;2005,24,25045.0;2005,25,22557.0;2005,28,7688.0;2005,30,23376.0;2005,4,34245.0;2005,31,13494.0;2005,33,34673.0;2005,34,13000.0;2005,35,28495.0;2005,37,27530.0;2005,39,17439.0;2005,41,9243.0;2005,44,23633.0;2005,172,11924.0;2005,171,11550.0;2005,34845,11550.0;2005,170,14210.0;2005,168,7557.0;2005,165,19933.0;2005,162,27044.0;2005,167,4000.0;2005,161,32481.0;2005,160,11013.0;2005,201,4161.0;2005,65,18421.0;2005,157,441.0;2005,156,13206.0;2005,158,7785.0;2005,155,21892.0;2005,3,42097.0;2005,152,9000.0;2005,6,31396.0;2005,149,16225.0;2005,146,5886.0;2005,138,25183.0;2005,137,9929.0;2005,2,50000.0;2005,133,7653.0;2005,8,30926.0;2005,132,10394.0;2005,14,22044.0;2005,131,12194.0;2005,126,13328.0;2005,122,15625.0;2005,124,25332.0;2005,123,4158.0;2005,120,16029.0;2005,119,17154.0;2005,210,32725.0;2005,118,12803.0;2005,117,7407.0;2005,114,3219.0;2005,113,10209.0;2005,110,3934.0;2005,142,9581.0;2005,5,42223.0;2005,106,30400.0;2005,104,4045.0;2005,140,25795.0;2005,101,5627.0;2005,98,10865.0;2005,97,9933.0;2005,96,4211.0;2005,11,22551.0;2005,111,17759.0;2005,92,31778.0;2005,12,15830.0;2005,91,5418.0;2005,268,27628.0;2005,87,9000.0;2005,85,24356.0;2005,83,30278.0;2005,81,10482.0;2005,9,8747.0;2005,10,27070.0;2005,7,37150.0;2005,77,15758.0;2005,76,15475.0;2005,66,12760.0;2005,71,7968.0;2005,70,25714.0;2005,69,18000.0;2005,68,6000.0;2005,67,19801.0;2005,1,37442.0;2005,64,4833.0;2005,13,20492.0;2005,63,20769.0;2005,62,5333.0;2005,238,12836.0;2005,61,14150.0;2005,355,17263.0;2005,273,6876.0;2005,462,7324.0;2005,463,6442.0;2005,464,5763.0;2005,465,5336.0;2005,466,3591.0;2005,290,22200.0;2005,450,23016.0;2005,477,11815.0;2005,436,10624.0;2005,295,11659.0;2005,275,10671.0;2005,469,13065.0;2005,467,11555.0;2005,470,9509.0;2005,471,9576.0;2005,472,19527.0;2005,276,22990.0;2005,473,17865.0;2005,474,30187.0;2005,475,11811.0;2005,476,38211.0;2005,277,16460.0;2005,34981,16460.0;2005,318,30340.0;2005,454,7292.0;2005,34987,8724.0;2005,5398,10303.0;2005,34988,8642.0;2005,34989,7095.0;2006,17,5876.0;2006,21,11957.0;2006,22,10763.0;2006,23,3646.0;2006,24,27546.0;2006,25,21253.0;2006,28,8014.0;2006,30,19391.0;2006,4,32804.0;2006,31,10339.0;2006,33,38499.0;2006,34,13174.0;2006,35,34787.0;2006,37,24896.0;2006,39,18596.0;2006,41,9794.0;2006,44,20479.0;2006,172,13706.0;2006,171,11256.0;2006,34845,11256.0;2006,170,14406.0;2006,168,7551.0;2006,165,21933.0;2006,162,26400.0;2006,167,4000.0;2006,161,31190.0;2006,160,10471.0;2006,201,5527.0;2006,65,16583.0;2006,157,4518.0;2006,156,12107.0;2006,158,8170.0;2006,155,20952.0;2006,3,42107.0;2006,152,10000.0;2006,6,31238.0;2006,149,15678.0;2006,146,5885.0;2006,138,24490.0;2006,137,9127.0;2006,2,58889.0;2006,133,7257.0;2006,8,31317.0;2006,132,10926.0;2006,14,22552.0;2006,131,13417.0;2006,126,13231.0;2006,122,10000.0;2006,124,25263.0;2006,123,4441.0;2006,120,16000.0;2006,119,10676.0;2006,210,32490.0;2006,118,13449.0;2006,117,6667.0;2006,114,3199.0;2006,113,11204.0;2006,215,21875.0;2006,110,6750.0;2006,142,10180.0;2006,5,43561.0;2006,106,30476.0;2006,104,4052.0;2006,140,25696.0;2006,101,5792.0;2006,98,9236.0;2006,97,10050.0;2006,96,10000.0;2006,11,19031.0;2006,111,18992.0;2006,92,20355.0;2006,12,16163.0;2006,91,5508.0;2006,87,8756.0;2006,85,23780.0;2006,83,29772.0;2006,81,10686.0;2006,9,12718.0;2006,10,26294.0;2006,7,35021.0;2006,77,22991.0;2006,76,7044.0;2006,66,19251.0;2006,71,6475.0;2006,70,27942.0;2006,69,28000.0;2006,68,6154.0;2006,67,19979.0;2006,1,32955.0;2006,64,4848.0;2006,13,16738.0;2006,63,21200.0;2006,62,8333.0;2006,238,12800.0;2006,61,16388.0;2006,355,15397.0;2006,273,7139.0;2006,462,7507.0;2006,463,6434.0;2006,464,7049.0;2006,465,5571.0;2006,466,3576.0;2006,290,18997.0;2006,450,19636.0;2006,477,10868.0;2006,436,10747.0;2006,295,11816.0;2006,275,10204.0;2006,469,14211.0;2006,467,11261.0;2006,470,8792.0;2006,471,10180.0;2006,472,21719.0;2006,276,22221.0;2006,473,17881.0;2006,474,26629.0;2006,475,14843.0;2006,476,38028.0;2006,277,4360.0;2006,34981,4360.0;2006,318,29261.0;2006,454,7486.0;2006,34987,9042.0;2006,5398,9148.0;2006,34988,8253.0;2006,34989,7382.0;2007,17,6798.0;2007,21,11905.0;2007,22,25161.0;2007,23,9147.0;2007,24,20162.0;2007,25,19152.0;2007,28,7872.0;2007,30,24030.0;2007,4,30986.0;2007,31,10525.0;2007,33,27961.0;2007,34,13329.0;2007,35,28851.0;2007,37,22258.0;2007,39,12231.0;2007,41,6927.0;2007,44,20342.0;2007,172,14089.0;2007,171,11009.0;2007,34845,11009.0;2007,170,17044.0;2007,168,7571.0;2007,165,17914.0;2007,162,24033.0;2007,167,4030.0;2007,161,33023.0;2007,160,9125.0;2007,201,3723.0;2007,65,10000.0;2007,157,3793.0;2007,156,16735.0;2007,158,9476.0;2007,155,24318.0;2007,3,36109.0;2007,152,8000.0;2007,6,26229.0;2007,149,14106.0;2007,146,5884.0;2007,138,22880.0;2007,137,10494.0;2007,2,48571.0;2007,133,6756.0;2007,8,32342.0;2007,132,10736.0;2007,14,22983.0;2007,131,15463.0;2007,126,15060.0;2007,122,15556.0;2007,124,25263.0;2007,123,2993.0;2007,120,16000.0;2007,119,15513.0;2007,210,23043.0;2007,118,13549.0;2007,117,19167.0;2007,114,3122.0;2007,113,11133.0;2007,215,22000.0;2007,110,3193.0;2007,142,10627.0;2007,5,37778.0;2007,106,35155.0;2007,104,4000.0;2007,140,25796.0;2007,101,5899.0;2007,98,8000.0;2007,97,9764.0;2007,96,10000.0;2007,11,24112.0;2007,111,4446.0;2007,92,8811.0;2007,12,13862.0;2007,91,5334.0;2007,87,8696.0;2007,85,19945.0;2007,83,27376.0;2007,81,10636.0;2007,9,11266.0;2007,10,28433.0;2007,7,34904.0;2007,77,20757.0;2007,76,7593.0;2007,66,20777.0;2007,71,9234.0;2007,70,27008.0;2007,69,18065.0;2007,68,6154.0;2007,67,10863.0;2007,1,35135.0;2007,64,4819.0;2007,13,22501.0;2007,63,21155.0;2007,62,9000.0;2007,238,12651.0;2007,61,17261.0;2007,355,14844.0;2007,273,7477.0;2007,462,8152.0;2007,463,6431.0;2007,464,5525.0;2007,465,5549.0;2007,466,3487.0;2007,290,20114.0;2007,450,20743.0;2007,477,10893.0;2007,436,10033.0;2007,295,12094.0;2007,275,10612.0;2007,469,14494.0;2007,467,11015.0;2007,470,9883.0;2007,471,10627.0;2007,472,20190.0;2007,276,17648.0;2007,473,13608.0;2007,474,28249.0;2007,475,13406.0;2007,476,31886.0;2007,277,9692.0;2007,34981,9692.0;2007,318,24525.0;2007,454,8043.0;2007,34987,9347.0;2007,5398,9181.0;2007,34988,9163.0;2007,34989,7593.0;2008,17,4788.0;2008,21,11905.0;2008,22,21186.0;2008,23,7944.0;2008,24,20338.0;2008,25,21113.0;2008,28,8408.0;2008,30,31005.0;2008,4,44471.0;2008,31,11076.0;2008,33,24970.0;2008,34,13339.0;2008,35,26471.0;2008,37,22868.0;2008,39,21622.0;2008,41,6726.0;2008,44,22572.0;2008,172,14089.0;2008,171,11892.0;2008,34845,11892.0;2008,170,18647.0;2008,168,7639.0;2008,165,24786.0;2008,162,23526.0;2008,167,4000.0;2008,161,32121.0;2008,160,9864.0;2008,201,2856.0;2008,65,10000.0;2008,157,483.0;2008,156,6776.0;2008,158,10951.0;2008,155,21818.0;2008,3,44952.0;2008,152,10000.0;2008,6,29262.0;2008,149,15111.0;2008,146,5884.0;2008,138,22194.0;2008,137,11029.0;2008,2,35000.0;2008,133,6358.0;2008,8,26308.0;2008,132,10812.0;2008,14,23762.0;2008,131,10998.0;2008,126,14088.0;2008,122,15714.0;2008,124,25263.0;2008,123,5996.0;2008,120,16000.0;2008,119,19020.0;2008,210,59938.0;2008,118,13931.0;2008,117,6667.0;2008,114,3217.0;2008,113,9901.0;2008,215,22642.0;2008,110,4108.0;2008,142,10952.0;2008,5,46667.0;2008,106,32412.0;2008,104,4071.0;2008,102,31995.0;2008,140,25935.0;2008,101,6036.0;2008,98,8689.0;2008,97,9986.0;2008,96,10000.0;2008,11,21877.0;2008,111,16779.0;2008,92,20861.0;2008,12,19780.0;2008,91,5600.0;2008,87,8537.0;2008,85,18973.0;2008,83,31379.0;2008,81,10587.0;2008,9,13521.0;2008,10,27196.0;2008,7,38802.0;2008,77,13630.0;2008,76,6093.0;2008,66,25421.0;2008,71,7571.0;2008,70,28718.0;2008,69,17742.0;2008,68,6154.0;2008,67,22621.0;2008,1,30459.0;2008,64,5048.0;2008,13,16231.0;2008,63,20769.0;2008,62,15000.0;2008,238,14657.0;2008,61,17077.0;2008,355,16453.0;2008,273,7677.0;2008,462,8328.0;2008,463,6483.0;2008,464,5539.0;2008,465,7597.0;2008,466,3600.0;2008,290,20828.0;2008,450,21442.0;2008,477,10610.0;2008,436,10384.0;2008,295,12557.0;2008,275,11231.0;2008,469,11383.0;2008,467,11898.0;2008,470,10333.0;2008,471,10952.0;2008,472,18994.0;2008,276,22724.0;2008,473,20671.0;2008,474,25544.0;2008,475,15215.0;2008,476,37452.0;2008,277,8438.0;2008,34981,8438.0;2008,318,26797.0;2008,454,8254.0;2008,34987,9715.0;2008,5398,9714.0;2008,34988,9398.0;2008,34989,7856.0;2009,17,7033.0;2009,21,11547.0;2009,22,17465.0;2009,23,12491.0;2009,24,22909.0;2009,25,19214.0;2009,28,9004.0;2009,30,28648.0;2009,4,52122.0;2009,31,13654.0;2009,33,23230.0;2009,34,13441.0;2009,35,22463.0;2009,37,22582.0;2009,39,12774.0;2009,41,6169.0;2009,44,22723.0;2009,172,12286.0;2009,171,10971.0;2009,34845,10971.0;2009,170,18800.0;2009,168,7567.0;2009,165,25672.0;2009,162,24526.0;2009,167,4000.0;2009,161,33750.0;2009,160,9886.0;2009,201,2825.0;2009,65,10000.0;2009,157,8342.0;2009,156,15466.0;2009,158,10412.0;2009,155,26667.0;2009,3,47219.0;2009,152,10000.0;2009,6,34333.0;2009,149,15625.0;2009,146,5883.0;2009,138,17072.0;2009,137,9163.0;2009,2,50769.0;2009,133,5903.0;2009,8,26653.0;2009,132,11327.0;2009,14,23000.0;2009,131,11694.0;2009,126,13568.0;2009,122,20000.0;2009,124,25411.0;2009,123,6890.0;2009,120,16000.0;2009,119,19960.0;2009,210,41884.0;2009,118,14046.0;2009,117,5172.0;2009,114,3219.0;2009,113,8191.0;2009,215,22500.0;2009,110,7074.0;2009,142,11454.0;2009,5,46167.0;2009,106,28302.0;2009,104,4000.0;2009,102,31318.0;2009,140,25782.0;2009,101,6233.0;2009,98,8000.0;2009,97,9951.0;2009,96,10000.0;2009,11,23339.0;2009,111,10318.0;2009,92,13608.0;2009,12,17518.0;2009,91,7431.0;2009,87,8929.0;2009,85,18168.0;2009,83,21914.0;2009,81,10538.0;2009,9,9232.0;2009,10,30000.0;2009,7,39096.0;2009,77,16593.0;2009,76,7563.0;2009,66,28509.0;2009,71,9105.0;2009,70,29349.0;2009,69,17049.0;2009,68,6296.0;2009,67,18081.0;2009,1,36000.0;2009,64,4880.0;2009,13,22924.0;2009,63,20741.0;2009,62,19167.0;2009,238,14975.0;2009,61,17190.0;2009,355,16327.0;2009,273,7661.0;2009,462,7967.0;2009,463,6476.0;2009,464,7958.0;2009,465,7950.0;2009,466,3656.0;2009,290,21972.0;2009,450,22760.0;2009,477,11032.0;2009,436,10791.0;2009,295,12339.0;2009,275,10110.0;2009,469,11961.0;2009,467,10978.0;2009,470,8823.0;2009,471,11454.0;2009,472,19172.0;2009,276,20526.0;2009,473,17820.0;2009,474,29540.0;2009,475,10667.0;2009,476,41724.0;2009,277,12896.0;2009,34981,12896.0;2009,318,25926.0;2009,454,7989.0;2009,34987,9395.0;2009,5398,11285.0;2009,34988,8377.0;2009,34989,7886.0;2010,17,7460.0;2010,21,11518.0;2010,22,21579.0;2010,23,9821.0;2010,24,24185.0;2010,25,16545.0;2010,28,9559.0;2010,30,22087.0;2010,4,41818.0;2010,31,12668.0;2010,33,24825.0;2010,34,13543.0;2010,35,25484.0;2010,37,23001.0;2010,39,18203.0;2010,41,13717.0;2010,44,21731.0;2010,172,9229.0;2010,171,10450.0;2010,34845,10450.0;2010,170,18242.0;2010,168,7658.0;2010,165,15385.0;2010,162,19754.0;2010,167,4000.0;2010,161,32184.0;2010,160,9975.0;2010,201,4710.0;2010,65,8182.0;2010,157,5928.0;2010,156,17603.0;2010,158,12600.0;2010,155,19672.0;2010,3,44373.0;2010,152,10000.0;2010,6,30102.0;2010,149,16882.0;2010,146,5882.0;2010,138,20358.0;2010,137,8827.0;2010,2,53571.0;2010,133,5612.0;2010,8,26404.0;2010,132,10825.0;2010,14,23126.0;2010,131,7950.0;2010,126,14286.0;2010,122,23636.0;2010,124,25677.0;2010,123,6516.0;2010,120,15969.0;2010,119,15683.0;2010,210,29766.0;2010,118,13741.0;2010,117,5500.0;2010,114,3333.0;2010,113,9596.0;2010,215,23846.0;2010,110,5995.0;2010,142,11961.0;2010,5,47368.0;2010,106,30865.0;2010,104,4000.0;2010,102,30382.0;2010,140,25739.0;2010,101,6522.0;2010,98,8785.0;2010,97,10133.0;2010,96,10000.0;2010,11,22736.0;2010,111,12344.0;2010,92,17690.0;2010,12,14850.0;2010,91,7973.0;2010,87,8667.0;2010,85,15306.0;2010,83,22827.0;2010,81,10489.0;2010,9,12488.0;2010,10,23938.0;2010,7,41737.0;2010,77,17057.0;2010,76,8577.0;2010,66,17787.0;2010,71,8726.0;2010,70,27730.0;2010,69,17803.0;2010,68,6068.0;2010,67,16244.0;2010,1,35000.0;2010,64,4722.0;2010,13,22405.0;2010,63,21172.0;2010,62,18333.0;2010,238,14083.0;2010,61,22745.0;2010,355,15803.0;2010,273,8264.0;2010,462,8732.0;2010,463,6558.0;2010,464,7249.0;2010,465,7603.0;2010,466,3833.0;2010,290,21062.0;2010,450,21847.0;2010,477,11312.0;2010,436,10489.0;2010,295,12272.0;2010,275,9650.0;2010,469,8948.0;2010,467,10457.0;2010,470,8622.0;2010,471,11961.0;2010,472,18810.0;2010,276,20307.0;2010,473,15574.0;2010,474,26464.0;2010,475,13394.0;2010,476,40859.0;2010,277,10672.0;2010,34981,10672.0;2010,318,27899.0;2010,454,8739.0;2010,34987,10457.0;2010,5398,10686.0;2010,34988,8575.0;2010,34989,8468.0;2011,17,7478.0;2011,21,11587.0;2011,22,25909.0;2011,23,12430.0;2011,24,31064.0;2011,25,16661.0;2011,28,9516.0;2011,30,27785.0;2011,4,37614.0;2011,31,13221.0;2011,33,22681.0;2011,34,13644.0;2011,35,25191.0;2011,37,25364.0;2011,39,18346.0;2011,41,17840.0;2011,44,25688.0;2011,172,16905.0;2011,171,15757.0;2011,34845,15757.0;2011,170,15520.0;2011,168,7494.0;2011,165,27619.0;2011,162,30450.0;2011,167,4020.0;2011,161,34237.0;2011,160,10084.0;2011,201,3358.0;2011,65,21714.0;2011,157,4036.0;2011,156,18212.0;2011,158,12366.0;2011,155,25000.0;2011,3,35812.0;2011,152,10000.0;2011,6,27706.0;2011,149,16878.0;2011,146,5881.0;2011,138,23311.0;2011,137,8157.0;2011,135,4110.0;2011,2,53333.0;2011,133,5227.0;2011,8,26304.0;2011,132,11427.0;2011,14,23718.0;2011,131,12786.0;2011,126,15000.0;2011,122,26364.0;2011,124,25563.0;2011,123,5082.0;2011,120,15979.0;2011,119,17925.0;2011,210,24975.0;2011,118,13380.0;2011,117,7170.0;2011,114,3548.0;2011,113,10796.0;2011,215,24848.0;2011,110,7920.0;2011,142,12159.0;2011,5,46729.0;2011,106,28966.0;2011,104,4181.0;2011,102,10268.0;2011,140,26250.0;2011,101,6921.0;2011,98,8917.0;2011,97,9930.0;2011,96,10000.0;2011,11,25823.0;2011,111,11420.0;2011,92,19265.0;2011,12,18194.0;2011,91,8086.0;2011,87,8438.0;2011,85,25472.0;2011,83,26393.0;2011,81,10440.0;2011,9,10501.0;2011,10,26918.0;2011,7,40289.0;2011,77,18184.0;2011,76,6978.0;2011,66,24424.0;2011,71,12845.0;2011,70,27801.0;2011,69,18073.0;2011,68,6189.0;2011,67,14875.0;2011,1,41000.0;2011,64,4211.0;2011,13,18392.0;2011,63,21231.0;2011,62,30000.0;2011,238,14265.0;2011,61,19260.0;2011,355,15799.0;2011,273,8386.0;2011,462,8644.0;2011,463,6463.0;2011,464,8960.0;2011,465,7235.0;2011,466,4019.0;2011,290,23277.0;2011,450,24778.0;2011,477,12363.0;2011,436,10960.0;2011,295,11876.0;2011,275,10717.0;2011,469,12833.0;2011,467,15761.0;2011,470,6782.0;2011,471,12159.0;2011,472,18784.0;2011,276,19657.0;2011,473,18029.0;2011,474,28285.0;2011,475,11186.0;2011,476,33933.0;2011,277,12993.0;2011,34981,12993.0;2011,318,23582.0;2011,454,8688.0;2011,34987,11311.0;2011,5398,11066.0;2011,34988,8218.0;2011,34989,8603.0;2012,17,9279.0;2012,21,11482.0;2012,22,24388.0;2012,23,13761.0;2012,24,13645.0;2012,25,16900.0;2012,28,8475.0;2012,30,29066.0;2012,4,38333.0;2012,31,10078.0;2012,33,20937.0;2012,34,13746.0;2012,35,21449.0;2012,37,24502.0;2012,39,16656.0;2012,41,30266.0;2012,44,22649.0;2012,172,16438.0;2012,171,15491.0;2012,34845,15491.0;2012,170,20097.0;2012,168,7222.0;2012,165,29065.0;2012,162,20381.0;2012,167,4037.0;2012,161,40000.0;2012,160,9783.0;2012,201,2878.0;2012,65,18235.0;2012,157,4125.0;2012,156,11861.0;2012,158,12790.0;2012,155,23500.0;2012,3,40288.0;2012,152,10000.0;2012,6,30982.0;2012,149,16005.0;2012,146,5882.0;2012,138,21097.0;2012,137,8503.0;2012,135,3907.0;2012,2,33771.0;2012,133,3816.0;2012,8,24325.0;2012,132,11399.0;2012,14,24208.0;2012,131,6746.0;2012,126,16000.0;2012,122,21818.0;2012,124,25580.0;2012,123,5040.0;2012,120,16006.0;2012,119,20167.0;2012,210,29127.0;2012,118,13235.0;2012,117,7636.0;2012,114,2679.0;2012,113,11022.0;2012,215,26000.0;2012,110,5675.0;2012,142,12223.0;2012,5,47235.0;2012,106,31486.0;2012,104,4615.0;2012,102,9273.0;2012,140,24444.0;2012,101,6562.0;2012,98,8883.0;2012,97,10018.0;2012,11,29129.0;2012,111,11540.0;2012,92,15835.0;2012,12,14308.0;2012,91,7312.0;2012,87,8485.0;2012,85,14192.0;2012,83,21946.0;2012,81,10390.0;2012,9,7885.0;2012,10,27273.0;2012,7,37835.0;2012,77,16051.0;2012,76,8311.0;2012,66,19720.0;2012,71,11551.0;2012,70,21739.0;2012,69,18108.0;2012,68,3982.0;2012,67,16583.0;2012,1,24167.0;2012,64,5500.0;2012,13,19842.0;2012,63,21667.0;2012,62,26341.0;2012,238,15365.0;2012,61,19018.0;2012,355,15134.0;2012,273,8761.0;2012,462,9278.0;2012,463,6361.0;2012,464,7521.0;2012,465,7390.0;2012,466,3392.0;2012,290,21475.0;2012,450,22240.0;2012,477,10532.0;2012,436,10838.0;2012,295,12763.0;2012,275,10237.0;2012,469,8008.0;2012,467,15496.0;2012,470,6773.0;2012,471,12223.0;2012,472,17567.0;2012,276,17182.0;2012,473,15164.0;2012,474,22390.0;2012,475,9169.0;2012,476,36734.0;2012,277,14205.0;2012,34981,14205.0;2012,318,23225.0;2012,454,9214.0;2012,34987,10586.0;2012,5398,9553.0;2012,34988,8665.0;2012,34989,8924.0;2013,17,9795.0;2013,21,11376.0;2013,22,31600.0;2013,23,11398.0;2013,24,24285.0;2013,25,16961.0;2013,28,9512.0;2013,30,25623.0;2013,4,37500.0;2013,31,11757.0;2013,33,19800.0;2013,34,13847.0;2013,35,30638.0;2013,37,23765.0;2013,39,16267.0;2013,41,41597.0;2013,44,29440.0;2013,172,4980.0;2013,171,13326.0;2013,34845,13326.0;2013,170,17861.0;2013,168,7253.0;2013,165,12273.0;2013,162,23736.0;2013,167,4029.0;2013,161,33850.0;2013,160,9783.0;2013,201,3222.0;2013,65,21111.0;2013,157,4106.0;2013,156,23267.0;2013,158,13792.0;2013,155,25610.0;2013,3,39737.0;2013,152,9838.0;2013,6,34169.0;2013,149,18015.0;2013,146,5882.0;2013,138,22836.0;2013,137,8219.0;2013,135,4131.0;2013,2,52000.0;2013,133,5550.0;2013,8,22674.0;2013,132,11532.0;2013,14,24572.0;2013,131,8043.0;2013,126,9333.0;2013,122,22609.0;2013,124,25598.0;2013,123,5488.0;2013,120,16001.0;2013,119,21083.0;2013,210,36553.0;2013,118,13090.0;2013,117,7547.0;2013,114,2833.0;2013,113,11645.0;2013,215,28000.0;2013,110,6654.0;2013,142,12521.0;2013,5,50000.0;2013,106,30853.0;2013,104,4264.0;2013,102,9833.0;2013,140,26087.0;2013,101,6794.0;2013,98,8876.0;2013,97,10195.0;2013,11,27369.0;2013,111,14732.0;2013,92,18285.0;2013,12,13978.0;2013,91,7393.0;2013,87,8657.0;2013,85,22184.0;2013,83,18571.0;2013,81,10341.0;2013,9,16469.0;2013,10,33443.0;2013,7,33947.0;2013,77,12332.0;2013,76,8249.0;2013,66,20175.0;2013,71,10319.0;2013,70,25634.0;2013,69,18083.0;2013,68,5966.0;2013,67,15583.0;2013,1,36897.0;2013,64,6341.0;2013,13,21967.0;2013,63,21538.0;2013,62,25000.0;2013,238,13429.0;2013,61,20153.0;2013,355,16326.0;2013,273,9625.0;2013,462,10264.0;2013,463,6381.0;2013,464,8038.0;2013,465,7554.0;2013,466,3479.0;2013,290,26672.0;2013,450,27994.0;2013,477,11708.0;2013,436,10952.0;2013,295,12244.0;2013,275,9636.0;2013,469,9323.0;2013,467,13332.0;2013,470,6656.0;2013,471,12521.0;2013,472,17243.0;2013,276,18309.0;2013,473,14911.0;2013,474,29018.0;2013,475,17125.0;2013,476,37803.0;2013,277,11825.0;2013,34981,11825.0;2013,318,27696.0;2013,454,10083.0;2013,34987,11807.0;2013,5398,10464.0;2013,34988,8965.0;2013,34989,9719.0;2014,17,8922.0;2014,21,11270.0;2014,22,31667.0;2014,23,13992.0;2014,24,25406.0;2014,25,18481.0;2014,28,9572.0;2014,30,27664.0;2014,4,38727.0;2014,31,9451.0;2014,33,18335.0;2014,34,13949.0;2014,35,30455.0;2014,37,19978.0;2014,39,17358.0;2014,41,19125.0;2014,44,23482.0;2014,172,10579.0;2014,171,14211.0;2014,34845,14211.0;2014,170,17491.0;2014,168,7410.0;2014,165,26438.0;2014,162,29585.0;2014,167,4034.0;2014,161,40476.0;2014,160,10074.0;2014,201,4389.0;2014,65,20000.0;2014,157,4086.0;2014,156,20692.0;2014,158,14854.0;2014,155,25357.0;2014,3,37101.0;2014,152,9731.0;2014,6,37242.0;2014,149,17500.0;2014,146,5873.0;2014,138,24082.0;2014,137,8219.0;2014,135,4211.0;2014,2,50000.0;2014,133,4929.0;2014,8,23113.0;2014,132,10837.0;2014,14,24937.0;2014,131,10389.0;2014,126,12396.0;2014,122,30690.0;2014,124,25615.0;2014,123,5387.0;2014,120,15997.0;2014,119,24719.0;2014,210,27850.0;2014,118,12944.0;2014,117,7843.0;2014,114,3056.0;2014,113,12658.0;2014,215,28000.0;2014,110,5644.0;2014,142,12832.0;2014,5,47662.0;2014,106,30715.0;2014,104,4196.0;2014,102,13830.0;2014,140,25588.0;2014,101,6599.0;2014,98,8869.0;2014,97,10616.0;2014,11,27165.0;2014,111,20151.0;2014,92,18811.0;2014,12,16756.0;2014,91,5468.0;2014,87,8681.0;2014,85,26849.0;2014,83,24525.0;2014,81,10292.0;2014,9,10177.0;2014,10,32180.0;2014,7,37441.0;2014,77,8904.0;2014,76,9363.0;2014,66,22401.0;2014,71,8089.0;2014,70,25997.0;2014,69,17817.0;2014,68,4000.0;2014,67,23390.0;2014,1,40000.0;2014,64,6118.0;2014,13,21376.0;2014,63,21600.0;2014,62,26154.0;2014,238,14444.0;2014,61,20264.0;2014,355,16137.0;2014,273,9156.0;2014,462,9739.0;2014,463,6481.0;2014,464,7080.0;2014,465,7321.0;2014,466,3718.0;2014,290,22254.0;2014,450,23063.0;2014,477,11123.0;2014,436,10575.0;2014,295,12368.0;2014,275,10062.0;2014,469,11461.0;2014,467,14216.0;2014,470,6670.0;2014,471,12832.0;2014,472,16720.0;2014,276,20799.0;2014,473,18376.0;2014,474,29889.0;2014,475,11378.0;2014,476,36762.0;2014,277,14422.0;2014,34981,14422.0;2014,318,26329.0;2014,454,9688.0;2014,34987,12136.0;2014,5398,9044.0;2014,34988,8740.0;2014,34989,9372.0
24021;1961,246,133333.0;1961,19,35714.0;1961,20,33333.0;1961,21,125810.0;1961,26,83333.0;1961,29,300667.0;1961,32,37838.0;1961,34,115686.0;1961,37,130732.0;1961,38,57200.0;1961,40,60000.0;1961,41,90244.0;1961,18581,75000.0;1961,42,115772.0;1961,43,53211.0;1961,174,32727.0;1961,173,37500.0;1961,171,124005.0;1961,34845,117500.0;1961,34979,161174.0;1961,170,56522.0;1961,169,50000.0;1961,168,50526.0;1961,199,196970.0;1961,166,41487.0;1961,143,30065.0;1961,164,35556.0;1961,167,64776.0;1961,200,100000.0;1961,160,50140.0;1961,201,87401.0;1961,259,80000.0;1961,159,26667.0;1961,202,102857.0;1961,253,72727.0;1961,203,168750.0;1961,153,50000.0;1961,151,50199.0;1961,150,75000.0;1961,206,90909.0;1961,252,100000.0;1961,148,30625.0;1961,147,75000.0;1961,145,40000.0;1961,139,53214.0;1961,137,71861.0;1961,136,75707.0;1961,132,107976.0;1961,129,76364.0;1961,125,100000.0;1961,121,55556.0;1961,118,57875.0;1961,117,70000.0;1961,116,92593.0;1961,115,66667.0;1961,284,150000.0;1961,213,69545.0;1961,113,200000.0;1961,109,34667.0;1961,142,105000.0;1961,220,69767.0;1961,105,39310.0;1961,104,82331.0;1961,103,94667.0;1961,261,100000.0;1961,34984,100000.0;1961,100,79111.0;1961,99,99623.0;1961,98,142000.0;1961,97,147235.0;1961,96,51972.0;1961,93,23083.0;1961,245,100000.0;1961,91,59524.0;1961,229,39394.0;1961,230,120000.0;1961,239,100000.0;1961,232,100000.0;1961,89,39762.0;1961,233,57467.0;1961,87,27618.0;1961,86,125762.0;1961,195,79245.0;1961,82,100000.0;1961,141,76665.0;1961,5396,33333.0;1961,234,83094.0;1961,75,173942.0;1961,3897,30000.0;1961,74,159091.0;1961,235,50222.0;1961,73,89589.0;1961,68,35331.0;1961,64,49123.0;1961,238,100119.0;1961,84,79069.0;1961,255,90909.0;1961,60,62500.0;1961,80,29286.0;1961,355,74045.0;1961,273,56603.0;1961,462,44176.0;1961,463,55064.0;1961,464,33333.0;1961,466,78266.0;1961,290,119009.0;1961,477,67729.0;1961,436,41938.0;1961,295,124891.0;1961,275,80797.0;1961,467,124005.0;1961,470,72456.0;1961,471,79999.0;1961,277,97586.0;1961,478,100305.0;1961,34752,100000.0;1961,479,81057.0;1961,454,49880.0;1961,34987,52162.0;1961,5398,47757.0;1961,34988,58844.0;1961,34989,50541.0;1962,470,72614.0;1962,471,82778.0;1962,277,101506.0;1962,478,99676.0;1962,34752,111111.0;1962,479,110127.0;1962,454,50757.0;1962,34987,55097.0;1962,5398,48560.0;1962,34988,59238.0;1962,34989,51244.0;1962,246,133333.0;1962,19,31875.0;1962,20,30000.0;1962,21,121543.0;1962,26,80645.0;1962,29,318846.0;1962,32,39024.0;1962,34,104977.0;1962,37,134422.0;1962,38,59294.0;1962,40,54000.0;1962,41,90244.0;1962,18581,76000.0;1962,42,146431.0;1962,43,53097.0;1962,174,31500.0;1962,173,40000.0;1962,171,122354.0;1962,34845,117647.0;1962,34979,149025.0;1962,170,56522.0;1962,169,50602.0;1962,168,50526.0;1962,199,200000.0;1962,166,42940.0;1962,143,28409.0;1962,164,36000.0;1962,167,65926.0;1962,200,100000.0;1962,160,49333.0;1962,201,92279.0;1962,259,78182.0;1962,159,26667.0;1962,202,101666.0;1962,253,68000.0;1962,203,168750.0;1962,153,50000.0;1962,151,50199.0;1962,150,75000.0;1962,206,90909.0;1962,252,100000.0;1962,148,29412.0;1962,147,75000.0;1962,145,40000.0;1962,139,55315.0;1962,137,71396.0;1962,136,78578.0;1962,132,106729.0;1962,129,76786.0;1962,125,73333.0;1962,121,55556.0;1962,118,58598.0;1962,117,70000.0;1962,116,93750.0;1962,115,68571.0;1962,284,165000.0;1962,213,89841.0;1962,113,200000.0;1962,109,36667.0;1962,142,104966.0;1962,220,70000.0;1962,105,40345.0;1962,104,80606.0;1962,103,87665.0;1962,261,100000.0;1962,34984,111111.0;1962,100,80000.0;1962,99,100000.0;1962,98,140000.0;1962,97,134991.0;1962,96,51301.0;1962,93,32508.0;1962,245,100000.0;1962,91,60001.0;1962,229,39412.0;1962,230,118750.0;1962,239,116667.0;1962,232,100000.0;1962,89,41207.0;1962,233,58933.0;1962,87,27610.0;1962,86,141832.0;1962,195,80556.0;1962,82,100000.0;1962,141,81993.0;1962,5396,33333.0;1962,234,85922.0;1962,75,170575.0;1962,3897,26667.0;1962,74,159091.0;1962,235,93750.0;1962,73,89500.0;1962,68,39962.0;1962,64,50000.0;1962,238,125429.0;1962,84,73141.0;1962,255,90909.0;1962,60,62500.0;1962,80,30000.0;1962,355,75463.0;1962,273,56597.0;1962,462,46243.0;1962,463,54755.0;1962,464,33333.0;1962,466,73978.0;1962,290,121841.0;1962,477,68251.0;1962,436,42410.0;1962,295,127591.0;1962,275,83184.0;1962,467,122354.0;1963,20,28000.0;1963,21,121185.0;1963,26,84615.0;1963,29,296071.0;1963,32,39286.0;1963,34,110004.0;1963,37,137523.0;1963,38,51489.0;1963,40,52000.0;1963,41,90244.0;1963,18581,76667.0;1963,42,134000.0;1963,43,52991.0;1963,174,31000.0;1963,173,39167.0;1963,171,114050.0;1963,34845,111765.0;1963,34979,125250.0;1963,170,56338.0;1963,169,50602.0;1963,168,49474.0;1963,199,203125.0;1963,166,43019.0;1963,143,22381.0;1963,164,36170.0;1963,167,66667.0;1963,200,100000.0;1963,160,50690.0;1963,201,78526.0;1963,259,80909.0;1963,159,31667.0;1963,202,98842.0;1963,253,80000.0;1963,203,161290.0;1963,153,50000.0;1963,151,50800.0;1963,150,75322.0;1963,206,90909.0;1963,252,100000.0;1963,148,30588.0;1963,147,70000.0;1963,145,40476.0;1963,139,57425.0;1963,137,71134.0;1963,136,73083.0;1963,132,106729.0;1963,129,77193.0;1963,125,73333.0;1963,121,56667.0;1963,118,60000.0;1963,117,69744.0;1963,116,90155.0;1963,115,70270.0;1963,284,150000.0;1963,213,101000.0;1963,113,200000.0;1963,109,34667.0;1963,142,104520.0;1963,220,72727.0;1963,105,40000.0;1963,104,84022.0;1963,103,97166.0;1963,261,100000.0;1963,34984,111111.0;1963,100,79825.0;1963,99,100000.0;1963,98,140845.0;1963,97,136445.0;1963,96,65720.0;1963,93,32508.0;1963,245,100000.0;1963,91,44934.0;1963,229,40000.0;1963,230,123529.0;1963,239,132000.0;1963,232,100000.0;1963,89,45000.0;1963,233,60133.0;1963,87,30129.0;1963,86,136028.0;1963,195,81818.0;1963,82,97059.0;1963,141,63575.0;1963,5396,33333.0;1963,234,84940.0;1963,75,151659.0;1963,3897,26000.0;1963,74,158696.0;1963,235,107582.0;1963,73,89792.0;1963,68,39860.0;1963,64,50847.0;1963,238,136649.0;1963,84,73055.0;1963,255,90909.0;1963,60,63043.0;1963,80,30000.0;1963,355,76080.0;1963,273,57157.0;1963,462,45615.0;1963,463,55271.0;1963,464,33333.0;1963,466,76787.0;1963,290,124883.0;1963,477,68525.0;1963,436,42388.0;1963,295,130513.0;1963,275,78782.0;1963,467,114050.0;1963,470,69882.0;1963,471,78298.0;1963,277,101490.0;1963,478,98192.0;1963,34752,111111.0;1963,479,118249.0;1963,454,50713.0;1963,34987,53808.0;1963,5398,48695.0;1963,34988,59688.0;1963,34989,50776.0;1963,246,136667.0;1963,19,32500.0;1964,246,126667.0;1964,19,33000.0;1964,20,26667.0;1964,21,115481.0;1964,26,89552.0;1964,29,306087.0;1964,32,38889.0;1964,34,109976.0;1964,37,141944.0;1964,38,54774.0;1964,40,50000.0;1964,41,90698.0;1964,18581,83333.0;1964,42,187500.0;1964,43,53018.0;1964,174,30500.0;1964,173,38667.0;1964,171,115720.0;1964,34845,111111.0;1964,34979,139677.0;1964,170,56000.0;1964,169,51220.0;1964,168,50000.0;1964,199,200000.0;1964,166,43125.0;1964,143,22273.0;1964,164,36170.0;1964,167,65957.0;1964,200,100000.0;1964,160,51032.0;1964,201,78143.0;1964,259,78333.0;1964,159,33333.0;1964,202,98842.0;1964,253,80000.0;1964,203,161290.0;1964,153,49231.0;1964,151,46154.0;1964,150,75466.0;1964,206,84615.0;1964,252,100000.0;1964,148,29444.0;1964,147,75000.0;1964,145,40476.0;1964,139,59523.0;1964,137,115697.0;1964,136,77655.0;1964,132,109750.0;1964,129,77586.0;1964,125,100000.0;1964,121,56000.0;1964,118,60055.0;1964,117,69744.0;1964,116,96053.0;1964,115,70000.0;1964,284,150000.0;1964,213,95238.0;1964,113,200000.0;1964,109,36000.0;1964,142,105074.0;1964,220,75000.0;1964,105,41250.0;1964,104,86381.0;1964,103,91747.0;1964,261,100000.0;1964,34984,111111.0;1964,100,80258.0;1964,99,100000.0;1964,98,140388.0;1964,97,99443.0;1964,96,65279.0;1964,93,31555.0;1964,245,100000.0;1964,91,120265.0;1964,229,39429.0;1964,230,115789.0;1964,239,126667.0;1964,232,100000.0;1964,89,47273.0;1964,233,61333.0;1964,87,29636.0;1964,86,135618.0;1964,195,83929.0;1964,82,100000.0;1964,141,82027.0;1964,5396,33333.0;1964,234,76797.0;1964,75,148777.0;1964,3897,18658.0;1964,74,158333.0;1964,235,105000.0;1964,73,89576.0;1964,68,41042.0;1964,64,51667.0;1964,238,126203.0;1964,84,70552.0;1964,255,90909.0;1964,60,61304.0;1964,80,30070.0;1964,355,79046.0;1964,273,57468.0;1964,462,47342.0;1964,463,55158.0;1964,464,33333.0;1964,466,74425.0;1964,290,128694.0;1964,477,69477.0;1964,436,42509.0;1964,295,134253.0;1964,275,85625.0;1964,467,115720.0;1964,470,110452.0;1964,471,80324.0;1964,277,101200.0;1964,478,98233.0;1964,34752,111111.0;1964,479,115699.0;1964,454,51655.0;1964,34987,60881.0;1964,5398,48658.0;1964,34988,61887.0;1964,34989,51649.0;1965,470,114777.0;1965,471,75666.0;1965,277,101585.0;1965,478,98995.0;1965,34752,111111.0;1965,479,114110.0;1965,454,52489.0;1965,34987,58399.0;1965,5398,49704.0;1965,34988,63868.0;1965,34989,52205.0;1965,246,75000.0;1965,19,33333.0;1965,20,25714.0;1965,21,111282.0;1965,26,92857.0;1965,29,304348.0;1965,32,40816.0;1965,34,114987.0;1965,37,142818.0;1965,38,56000.0;1965,40,52000.0;1965,41,90698.0;1965,18581,86667.0;1965,42,166667.0;1965,43,54000.0;1965,174,39000.0;1965,173,36111.0;1965,171,125891.0;1965,34845,122222.0;1965,34979,143847.0;1965,170,56338.0;1965,169,52500.0;1965,168,50000.0;1965,199,203252.0;1965,166,43291.0;1965,143,22026.0;1965,164,40000.0;1965,167,68310.0;1965,200,100000.0;1965,160,50500.0;1965,201,101330.0;1965,259,81667.0;1965,159,33333.0;1965,202,100291.0;1965,253,80000.0;1965,203,161290.0;1965,153,50000.0;1965,151,40000.0;1965,150,93333.0;1965,206,84615.0;1965,252,100000.0;1965,148,30000.0;1965,147,70000.0;1965,145,40000.0;1965,139,61639.0;1965,137,126375.0;1965,136,72083.0;1965,132,112724.0;1965,129,77966.0;1965,125,100000.0;1965,121,56667.0;1965,118,67548.0;1965,117,71053.0;1965,116,96199.0;1965,115,71429.0;1965,284,150000.0;1965,213,96071.0;1965,113,200000.0;1965,109,36000.0;1965,142,105136.0;1965,220,75000.0;1965,105,41176.0;1965,104,78658.0;1965,103,98697.0;1965,261,100000.0;1965,34984,111111.0;1965,100,79920.0;1965,99,100000.0;1965,98,140000.0;1965,97,109499.0;1965,96,67625.0;1965,93,32362.0;1965,245,75000.0;1965,91,120205.0;1965,229,39429.0;1965,230,118182.0;1965,239,125000.0;1965,232,100000.0;1965,89,39742.0;1965,233,61333.0;1965,87,40000.0;1965,86,127656.0;1965,195,87719.0;1965,82,100000.0;1965,141,62107.0;1965,5396,33333.0;1965,234,86276.0;1965,75,145866.0;1965,3897,23685.0;1965,74,160000.0;1965,235,102778.0;1965,73,89654.0;1965,68,36212.0;1965,64,52459.0;1965,238,122904.0;1965,84,72727.0;1965,255,90909.0;1965,60,63182.0;1965,80,30070.0;1965,355,79359.0;1965,273,59014.0;1965,462,47141.0;1965,463,57263.0;1965,464,33333.0;1965,466,78903.0;1965,290,129336.0;1965,477,70648.0;1965,436,43557.0;1965,295,134999.0;1965,275,82378.0;1965,467,125891.0;1966,20,25000.0;1966,21,115625.0;1966,26,97222.0;1966,29,280000.0;1966,32,60440.0;1966,34,119985.0;1966,37,138836.0;1966,38,56000.0;1966,40,54000.0;1966,41,90698.0;1966,18581,91367.0;1966,42,168182.0;1966,43,53982.0;1966,197,36000.0;1966,174,24508.0;1966,173,31818.0;1966,171,121338.0;1966,34845,115789.0;1966,34979,151567.0;1966,170,59155.0;1966,169,51220.0;1966,168,51064.0;1966,199,191781.0;1966,166,43459.0;1966,143,26823.0;1966,164,40000.0;1966,167,68841.0;1966,200,100000.0;1966,160,50933.0;1966,201,100178.0;1966,259,76923.0;1966,159,31538.0;1966,202,98842.0;1966,253,83333.0;1966,203,163462.0;1966,153,50000.0;1966,151,40000.0;1966,150,83441.0;1966,206,83571.0;1966,252,90038.0;1966,148,30000.0;1966,147,72167.0;1966,145,40000.0;1966,139,63744.0;1966,137,127934.0;1966,136,74240.0;1966,132,73849.0;1966,129,78333.0;1966,125,125000.0;1966,121,56667.0;1966,118,60163.0;1966,117,69000.0;1966,116,89640.0;1966,115,72093.0;1966,284,150000.0;1966,213,183158.0;1966,113,200000.0;1966,109,36000.0;1966,142,107964.0;1966,220,75000.0;1966,105,41429.0;1966,104,69588.0;1966,103,92110.0;1966,261,45000.0;1966,34984,100000.0;1966,100,80000.0;1966,99,100000.0;1966,98,140882.0;1966,97,121871.0;1966,96,69415.0;1966,93,34625.0;1966,245,100000.0;1966,91,100051.0;1966,229,38889.0;1966,230,119048.0;1966,239,187500.0;1966,232,107143.0;1966,89,37551.0;1966,233,62533.0;1966,87,41500.0;1966,86,127865.0;1966,195,89655.0;1966,82,100000.0;1966,141,58932.0;1966,5396,33333.0;1966,234,63242.0;1966,75,146712.0;1966,3897,24538.0;1966,74,161538.0;1966,235,101667.0;1966,73,89689.0;1966,68,41475.0;1966,64,53226.0;1966,238,125098.0;1966,84,71942.0;1966,255,90909.0;1966,60,62069.0;1966,80,30345.0;1966,355,79607.0;1966,273,58845.0;1966,462,48158.0;1966,463,55307.0;1966,464,33333.0;1966,466,77731.0;1966,290,126884.0;1966,477,71424.0;1966,436,43652.0;1966,295,132338.0;1966,275,86197.0;1966,467,121338.0;1966,470,117354.0;1966,471,78878.0;1966,277,100617.0;1966,478,98305.0;1966,34752,100000.0;1966,479,113739.0;1966,454,52364.0;1966,34987,57641.0;1966,5398,49455.0;1966,34988,64232.0;1966,34989,52576.0;1966,246,85000.0;1966,19,33333.0;1967,246,83333.0;1967,19,33889.0;1967,20,25000.0;1967,21,119134.0;1967,26,100000.0;1967,29,280000.0;1967,32,60000.0;1967,34,120000.0;1967,37,142434.0;1967,38,56000.0;1967,40,60000.0;1967,41,90909.0;1967,18581,114933.0;1967,42,109524.0;1967,43,54032.0;1967,197,36000.0;1967,174,25877.0;1967,173,32143.0;1967,171,125863.0;1967,34845,120000.0;1967,34979,156587.0;1967,170,59028.0;1967,169,52500.0;1967,168,48438.0;1967,199,197183.0;1967,166,43560.0;1967,143,25794.0;1967,164,42000.0;1967,167,68794.0;1967,200,100000.0;1967,160,50500.0;1967,201,118966.0;1967,259,82308.0;1967,159,31538.0;1967,202,101666.0;1967,253,83333.0;1967,203,166667.0;1967,153,50000.0;1967,151,35000.0;1967,150,86175.0;1967,206,86667.0;1967,252,100000.0;1967,148,30526.0;1967,147,68615.0;1967,145,40426.0;1967,139,59585.0;1967,137,131621.0;1967,136,70516.0;1967,132,111737.0;1967,129,78689.0;1967,125,137500.0;1967,121,56667.0;1967,118,60310.0;1967,117,70000.0;1967,116,89956.0;1967,115,72727.0;1967,284,150000.0;1967,213,168148.0;1967,113,200000.0;1967,109,35000.0;1967,142,100438.0;1967,220,76087.0;1967,105,40789.0;1967,104,71787.0;1967,103,89572.0;1967,261,48000.0;1967,34984,96154.0;1967,100,79964.0;1967,99,100000.0;1967,98,150005.0;1967,97,121555.0;1967,96,58476.0;1967,93,35196.0;1967,245,100000.0;1967,91,100000.0;1967,229,39189.0;1967,230,120000.0;1967,239,187500.0;1967,232,104545.0;1967,89,37844.0;1967,233,63467.0;1967,87,42105.0;1967,86,127865.0;1967,195,89831.0;1967,82,100000.0;1967,141,53769.0;1967,5396,29630.0;1967,234,55000.0;1967,75,147792.0;1967,3897,20838.0;1967,74,158929.0;1967,235,100000.0;1967,73,89567.0;1967,68,42016.0;1967,64,56000.0;1967,238,90120.0;1967,84,71941.0;1967,255,91304.0;1967,60,61667.0;1967,80,30345.0;1967,355,80207.0;1967,273,58649.0;1967,462,48455.0;1967,463,55438.0;1967,464,29630.0;1967,466,76713.0;1967,290,130311.0;1967,477,70840.0;1967,436,44664.0;1967,295,135657.0;1967,275,84473.0;1967,467,125863.0;1967,470,116260.0;1967,471,75914.0;1967,277,101803.0;1967,478,100014.0;1967,34752,96154.0;1967,479,113030.0;1967,454,52540.0;1967,34987,58170.0;1967,5398,50706.0;1967,34988,64234.0;1967,34989,52545.0;1968,470,120556.0;1968,471,81565.0;1968,277,100857.0;1968,478,99174.0;1968,34752,96296.0;1968,479,111754.0;1968,454,52658.0;1968,34987,58633.0;1968,5398,50572.0;1968,34988,65922.0;1968,34989,52579.0;1968,246,85000.0;1968,19,34333.0;1968,20,28571.0;1968,21,110449.0;1968,26,102564.0;1968,29,300000.0;1968,32,60714.0;1968,34,119976.0;1968,37,146148.0;1968,38,62500.0;1968,40,60000.0;1968,41,90909.0;1968,18581,97800.0;1968,42,117941.0;1968,43,55003.0;1968,197,36000.0;1968,174,26920.0;1968,173,31429.0;1968,171,123542.0;1968,34845,116667.0;1968,34979,162835.0;1968,170,58175.0;1968,169,52500.0;1968,168,47423.0;1968,199,200000.0;1968,166,43539.0;1968,143,26500.0;1968,164,42000.0;1968,167,68531.0;1968,200,100000.0;1968,160,50000.0;1968,201,87713.0;1968,259,79286.0;1968,159,28000.0;1968,202,100220.0;1968,253,80000.0;1968,203,168254.0;1968,153,50000.0;1968,151,38500.0;1968,150,84047.0;1968,206,87500.0;1968,252,108108.0;1968,148,30000.0;1968,147,69231.0;1968,145,40426.0;1968,139,68321.0;1968,137,133786.0;1968,136,75532.0;1968,132,82985.0;1968,129,79032.0;1968,125,133333.0;1968,121,57778.0;1968,118,64435.0;1968,117,71000.0;1968,116,90455.0;1968,115,73333.0;1968,284,145455.0;1968,213,172143.0;1968,113,200000.0;1968,109,35000.0;1968,142,102738.0;1968,220,76364.0;1968,105,42051.0;1968,104,73731.0;1968,103,97572.0;1968,261,48000.0;1968,34984,96296.0;1968,100,80169.0;1968,99,100000.0;1968,98,149355.0;1968,97,107310.0;1968,96,58281.0;1968,93,35283.0;1968,245,75000.0;1968,91,89731.0;1968,229,39474.0;1968,230,113333.0;1968,239,187500.0;1968,232,106818.0;1968,89,37147.0;1968,233,60000.0;1968,87,40938.0;1968,86,116667.0;1968,195,89167.0;1968,82,100000.0;1968,141,57923.0;1968,5396,29787.0;1968,234,55120.0;1968,75,153950.0;1968,3897,33310.0;1968,74,164286.0;1968,235,98889.0;1968,73,89761.0;1968,68,40969.0;1968,64,54545.0;1968,238,84141.0;1968,84,71111.0;1968,255,91304.0;1968,60,61667.0;1968,80,30612.0;1968,355,83040.0;1968,273,59491.0;1968,462,48441.0;1968,463,55400.0;1968,464,29787.0;1968,466,80923.0;1968,290,132497.0;1968,477,73143.0;1968,436,44278.0;1968,295,137815.0;1968,275,90538.0;1968,467,123542.0;1969,20,37500.0;1969,21,118815.0;1969,26,106250.0;1969,29,266667.0;1969,32,46318.0;1969,34,125000.0;1969,37,148193.0;1969,38,80000.0;1969,40,60000.0;1969,41,90909.0;1969,18581,100600.0;1969,42,95357.0;1969,43,55011.0;1969,197,36000.0;1969,174,28042.0;1969,173,31250.0;1969,171,119765.0;1969,34845,115385.0;1969,34979,146077.0;1969,170,61290.0;1969,169,50602.0;1969,168,46186.0;1969,199,239726.0;1969,166,42526.0;1969,143,32491.0;1969,164,44000.0;1969,167,68630.0;1969,200,100000.0;1969,160,50000.0;1969,201,112768.0;1969,259,78667.0;1969,159,28000.0;1969,202,101405.0;1969,253,80000.0;1969,203,171429.0;1969,153,50000.0;1969,151,38500.0;1969,150,75000.0;1969,206,88235.0;1969,252,125000.0;1969,148,29524.0;1969,147,67143.0;1969,145,40000.0;1969,139,64276.0;1969,137,129175.0;1969,136,74407.0;1969,132,74068.0;1969,129,79365.0;1969,125,130000.0;1969,121,57778.0;1969,118,67930.0;1969,117,59269.0;1969,116,90265.0;1969,211,20000.0;1969,115,75455.0;1969,284,145455.0;1969,213,170714.0;1969,113,200000.0;1969,109,35000.0;1969,142,105521.0;1969,220,77778.0;1969,105,41750.0;1969,104,71670.0;1969,103,99779.0;1969,261,50000.0;1969,34984,93103.0;1969,100,80667.0;1969,99,101449.0;1969,98,150007.0;1969,97,119414.0;1969,96,54239.0;1969,93,34973.0;1969,245,75000.0;1969,91,100000.0;1969,229,39744.0;1969,230,126667.0;1969,239,187500.0;1969,232,104348.0;1969,89,45326.0;1969,233,59750.0;1969,87,40642.0;1969,86,112901.0;1969,195,90000.0;1969,82,100000.0;1969,141,58365.0;1969,5396,29545.0;1969,234,63909.0;1969,75,163083.0;1969,3897,33399.0;1969,74,166667.0;1969,235,94444.0;1969,73,89747.0;1969,68,46667.0;1969,64,48951.0;1969,238,80425.0;1969,84,70455.0;1969,255,100000.0;1969,60,61667.0;1969,80,30000.0;1969,355,83486.0;1969,273,59575.0;1969,462,47707.0;1969,463,55760.0;1969,464,29545.0;1969,466,82372.0;1969,290,134692.0;1969,477,71468.0;1969,436,45054.0;1969,295,140237.0;1969,275,90546.0;1969,467,119765.0;1969,470,117762.0;1969,471,82126.0;1969,277,102193.0;1969,478,100636.0;1969,34752,93103.0;1969,479,113170.0;1969,454,52322.0;1969,34987,59582.0;1969,5398,50791.0;1969,34988,65627.0;1969,34989,52722.0;1969,246,85000.0;1969,19,35333.0;1970,246,90000.0;1970,19,35556.0;1970,20,40000.0;1970,21,112674.0;1970,26,109756.0;1970,29,266667.0;1970,32,44000.0;1970,34,125028.0;1970,37,145534.0;1970,38,80000.0;1970,40,60000.0;1970,41,90317.0;1970,18581,105950.0;1970,42,107500.0;1970,43,55027.0;1970,197,36000.0;1970,174,29197.0;1970,173,31818.0;1970,171,118750.0;1970,34845,114286.0;1970,34979,148958.0;1970,170,80000.0;1970,169,50000.0;1970,168,46100.0;1970,199,239726.0;1970,166,41650.0;1970,143,33129.0;1970,164,44000.0;1970,167,69287.0;1970,200,100000.0;1970,160,50000.0;1970,201,106731.0;1970,259,81429.0;1970,159,28000.0;1970,202,108648.0;1970,253,80000.0;1970,203,174603.0;1970,153,50000.0;1970,151,39000.0;1970,150,73810.0;1970,206,88889.0;1970,252,112500.0;1970,148,30476.0;1970,147,68571.0;1970,145,40196.0;1970,139,74327.0;1970,137,147876.0;1970,136,74948.0;1970,132,86011.0;1970,129,79688.0;1970,125,136364.0;1970,121,58889.0;1970,118,65715.0;1970,117,59807.0;1970,116,92903.0;1970,211,40000.0;1970,115,75000.0;1970,284,145455.0;1970,213,166000.0;1970,113,200000.0;1970,109,36250.0;1970,142,97217.0;1970,220,84444.0;1970,105,41707.0;1970,104,74733.0;1970,103,119090.0;1970,261,52000.0;1970,34984,90323.0;1970,100,79096.0;1970,99,100000.0;1970,98,152962.0;1970,97,128631.0;1970,96,52423.0;1970,93,35334.0;1970,245,75000.0;1970,91,120028.0;1970,229,40000.0;1970,230,125000.0;1970,239,187500.0;1970,232,106522.0;1970,89,41513.0;1970,233,61875.0;1970,87,49505.0;1970,86,112825.0;1970,195,87903.0;1970,82,108696.0;1970,141,59449.0;1970,5396,36216.0;1970,234,77581.0;1970,75,153170.0;1970,3897,26373.0;1970,74,161290.0;1970,235,92973.0;1970,73,89763.0;1970,68,47829.0;1970,64,48971.0;1970,238,81632.0;1970,84,72137.0;1970,255,100000.0;1970,60,62295.0;1970,80,30667.0;1970,355,84861.0;1970,273,61857.0;1970,462,48333.0;1970,463,56367.0;1970,464,36216.0;1970,466,91890.0;1970,290,133873.0;1970,477,74830.0;1970,436,45403.0;1970,295,139454.0;1970,275,94334.0;1970,467,118750.0;1970,470,135107.0;1970,471,83306.0;1970,277,104330.0;1970,478,103555.0;1970,34752,90323.0;1970,479,112144.0;1970,454,52774.0;1970,34987,58221.0;1970,5398,50993.0;1970,34988,68719.0;1970,34989,53247.0;1971,470,133276.0;1971,471,82390.0;1971,277,119558.0;1971,478,123166.0;1971,34752,87879.0;1971,479,111888.0;1971,454,52863.0;1971,34987,55610.0;1971,5398,50681.0;1971,34988,66688.0;1971,34989,53246.0;1971,246,100000.0;1971,19,35556.0;1971,20,32432.0;1971,21,115234.0;1971,26,113095.0;1971,29,265625.0;1971,32,55755.0;1971,34,130000.0;1971,37,145945.0;1971,38,79594.0;1971,40,60000.0;1971,41,90106.0;1971,18581,106700.0;1971,42,106429.0;1971,43,56013.0;1971,197,36000.0;1971,174,30586.0;1971,173,32000.0;1971,171,123161.0;1971,34845,120000.0;1971,34979,147209.0;1971,170,80000.0;1971,169,50000.0;1971,168,47500.0;1971,199,268630.0;1971,166,42810.0;1971,143,33353.0;1971,164,41176.0;1971,167,67638.0;1971,200,100000.0;1971,160,51111.0;1971,201,103392.0;1971,259,120000.0;1971,159,26667.0;1971,202,171429.0;1971,253,66667.0;1971,203,175000.0;1971,153,50000.0;1971,151,37143.0;1971,150,73810.0;1971,206,84000.0;1971,252,100000.0;1971,148,30000.0;1971,147,69718.0;1971,145,40385.0;1971,139,72222.0;1971,137,148598.0;1971,136,76024.0;1971,132,84488.0;1971,129,80000.0;1971,125,141667.0;1971,121,59333.0;1971,118,61970.0;1971,117,58700.0;1971,116,87500.0;1971,211,40000.0;1971,115,75676.0;1971,284,132000.0;1971,213,157500.0;1971,113,200000.0;1971,109,38750.0;1971,142,98169.0;1971,220,84444.0;1971,105,40000.0;1971,104,68218.0;1971,103,101911.0;1971,261,54000.0;1971,34984,87879.0;1971,100,79475.0;1971,99,102740.0;1971,98,126540.0;1971,97,133664.0;1971,96,51913.0;1971,93,33895.0;1971,245,100000.0;1971,91,120000.0;1971,229,40244.0;1971,230,125000.0;1971,239,187500.0;1971,232,104167.0;1971,89,44214.0;1971,233,60241.0;1971,87,49518.0;1971,86,97727.0;1971,195,85938.0;1971,82,108333.0;1971,141,55035.0;1971,5396,37222.0;1971,234,66449.0;1971,75,141443.0;1971,3897,28842.0;1971,74,151515.0;1971,235,90426.0;1971,73,89686.0;1971,68,47579.0;1971,64,47644.0;1971,238,80366.0;1971,84,71324.0;1971,255,100000.0;1971,60,61905.0;1971,80,30323.0;1971,355,83635.0;1971,273,59991.0;1971,462,48623.0;1971,463,55704.0;1971,464,37222.0;1971,466,83997.0;1971,290,131310.0;1971,477,76302.0;1971,436,44621.0;1971,295,136600.0;1971,275,93719.0;1971,467,123161.0;1972,20,37250.0;1972,21,100578.0;1972,26,117647.0;1972,29,265625.0;1972,32,61194.0;1972,34,133077.0;1972,37,145318.0;1972,38,78947.0;1972,40,60000.0;1972,41,89632.0;1972,18581,47000.0;1972,42,110526.0;1972,43,55997.0;1972,197,45000.0;1972,174,31772.0;1972,173,32222.0;1972,171,123054.0;1972,34845,118750.0;1972,34979,156178.0;1972,170,80000.0;1972,169,50633.0;1972,168,49898.0;1972,199,363148.0;1972,166,44180.0;1972,143,33429.0;1972,164,42308.0;1972,167,67368.0;1972,200,100000.0;1972,160,50000.0;1972,201,92670.0;1972,259,120748.0;1972,159,26000.0;1972,202,180000.0;1972,253,66667.0;1972,203,172727.0;1972,153,50000.0;1972,151,33333.0;1972,150,75000.0;1972,206,86207.0;1972,252,102857.0;1972,148,29130.0;1972,147,70139.0;1972,145,44231.0;1972,139,69908.0;1972,137,170368.0;1972,136,70722.0;1972,132,88689.0;1972,129,80303.0;1972,125,153846.0;1972,121,59333.0;1972,118,62139.0;1972,117,60347.0;1972,116,107857.0;1972,211,30000.0;1972,115,75758.0;1972,284,200000.0;1972,213,155000.0;1972,113,200000.0;1972,109,38750.0;1972,142,98635.0;1972,220,84444.0;1972,105,40426.0;1972,104,51137.0;1972,103,99688.0;1972,261,54000.0;1972,34984,88571.0;1972,100,88423.0;1972,99,102667.0;1972,98,129496.0;1972,97,124000.0;1972,96,54472.0;1972,93,34694.0;1972,245,97561.0;1972,91,120000.0;1972,229,40476.0;1972,230,125000.0;1972,239,187500.0;1972,232,106250.0;1972,89,36701.0;1972,233,60241.0;1972,87,49000.0;1972,86,78202.0;1972,195,85385.0;1972,82,108333.0;1972,141,53466.0;1972,5396,38286.0;1972,234,68966.0;1972,75,121277.0;1972,3897,13468.0;1972,74,184762.0;1972,235,78947.0;1972,73,99800.0;1972,68,70677.0;1972,64,48264.0;1972,238,78350.0;1972,84,72294.0;1972,255,100000.0;1972,60,61905.0;1972,80,30625.0;1972,355,84219.0;1972,273,61546.0;1972,462,52557.0;1972,463,55896.0;1972,464,38286.0;1972,466,83133.0;1972,290,130306.0;1972,477,78399.0;1972,436,46387.0;1972,295,135587.0;1972,275,93377.0;1972,467,123054.0;1972,470,153558.0;1972,471,78697.0;1972,277,113279.0;1972,478,117179.0;1972,34752,88571.0;1972,479,104874.0;1972,454,54721.0;1972,34987,65449.0;1972,5398,50708.0;1972,34988,69555.0;1972,34989,54836.0;1972,246,86667.0;1972,19,35556.0;1973,246,66667.0;1973,19,36744.0;1973,20,38333.0;1973,21,87798.0;1973,26,122093.0;1973,29,263636.0;1973,32,61911.0;1973,34,130349.0;1973,37,126094.0;1973,38,80000.0;1973,40,40000.0;1973,41,89947.0;1973,18581,105200.0;1973,42,91600.0;1973,43,56012.0;1973,197,45000.0;1973,174,33382.0;1973,173,30222.0;1973,171,122110.0;1973,34845,117647.0;1973,34979,158829.0;1973,170,80000.0;1973,169,50000.0;1973,168,49000.0;1973,199,260274.0;1973,166,47949.0;1973,143,33602.0;1973,164,41818.0;1973,167,68560.0;1973,200,100000.0;1973,160,44745.0;1973,201,99134.0;1973,259,121667.0;1973,159,26429.0;1973,202,187431.0;1973,253,66667.0;1973,203,175758.0;1973,153,50000.0;1973,151,34000.0;1973,150,71429.0;1973,206,86750.0;1973,252,100000.0;1973,148,28750.0;1973,147,70000.0;1973,145,42308.0;1973,139,39770.0;1973,137,175424.0;1973,136,78286.0;1973,132,80397.0;1973,129,80597.0;1973,125,153333.0;1973,121,55556.0;1973,118,62074.0;1973,117,61750.0;1973,116,112759.0;1973,211,35000.0;1973,115,75862.0;1973,284,200000.0;1973,213,180417.0;1973,113,200000.0;1973,109,40000.0;1973,142,102572.0;1973,220,84444.0;1973,105,39216.0;1973,104,65580.0;1973,103,98969.0;1973,261,55000.0;1973,34984,89333.0;1973,100,86916.0;1973,99,105263.0;1973,98,139183.0;1973,97,124088.0;1973,96,53455.0;1973,93,34652.0;1973,245,97561.0;1973,91,122207.0;1973,229,40698.0;1973,230,125000.0;1973,239,187500.0;1973,232,104348.0;1973,89,45957.0;1973,233,60241.0;1973,87,49588.0;1973,86,80000.0;1973,195,84848.0;1973,82,108333.0;1973,141,53411.0;1973,5396,36842.0;1973,234,67173.0;1973,75,131204.0;1973,3897,28097.0;1973,74,203500.0;1973,235,76923.0;1973,73,123370.0;1973,68,44139.0;1973,64,48339.0;1973,238,80360.0;1973,84,73333.0;1973,255,100000.0;1973,60,61905.0;1973,80,28125.0;1973,355,81704.0;1973,273,60315.0;1973,462,48688.0;1973,463,57153.0;1973,464,36842.0;1973,466,82681.0;1973,290,116165.0;1973,477,73229.0;1973,436,43897.0;1973,295,120743.0;1973,275,100194.0;1973,467,122110.0;1973,470,146032.0;1973,471,87994.0;1973,277,108582.0;1973,478,112335.0;1973,34752,89333.0;1973,479,101326.0;1973,454,53656.0;1973,34987,54621.0;1973,5398,48026.0;1973,34988,68244.0;1973,34989,53757.0;1974,467,122756.0;1974,470,129459.0;1974,471,94220.0;1974,277,101749.0;1974,478,103556.0;1974,34752,90000.0;1974,479,99055.0;1974,454,54128.0;1974,34987,57464.0;1974,5398,44834.0;1974,34988,67792.0;1974,34989,53659.0;1974,246,50000.0;1974,19,36250.0;1974,20,22500.0;1974,21,127692.0;1974,26,125000.0;1974,29,264706.0;1974,32,59845.0;1974,34,129145.0;1974,37,123604.0;1974,38,80000.0;1974,40,50000.0;1974,41,90562.0;1974,18581,90000.0;1974,42,90000.0;1974,43,57000.0;1974,197,45000.0;1974,174,29725.0;1974,173,31111.0;1974,171,122756.0;1974,34845,117647.0;1974,34979,159584.0;1974,170,85002.0;1974,169,47059.0;1974,168,49179.0;1974,199,280000.0;1974,166,44128.0;1974,143,33767.0;1974,164,43273.0;1974,167,69474.0;1974,200,100000.0;1974,160,30182.0;1974,201,86716.0;1974,259,124248.0;1974,159,26154.0;1974,202,99609.0;1974,253,66667.0;1974,203,178788.0;1974,153,50000.0;1974,151,33333.0;1974,150,71111.0;1974,206,88500.0;1974,252,100000.0;1974,148,28400.0;1974,147,70000.0;1974,145,42308.0;1974,139,34219.0;1974,137,174386.0;1974,136,86328.0;1974,132,82678.0;1974,129,80882.0;1974,125,150000.0;1974,121,56667.0;1974,118,66090.0;1974,117,63500.0;1974,116,115000.0;1974,211,45000.0;1974,115,75000.0;1974,284,200000.0;1974,213,159412.0;1974,113,200000.0;1974,109,40000.0;1974,142,110028.0;1974,220,83333.0;1974,105,40385.0;1974,104,64213.0;1974,103,95000.0;1974,261,29565.0;1974,34984,90000.0;1974,100,87789.0;1974,99,105128.0;1974,98,154843.0;1974,97,124646.0;1974,96,63167.0;1974,93,34615.0;1974,245,97561.0;1974,91,125228.0;1974,229,40909.0;1974,230,120000.0;1974,239,187500.0;1974,232,104167.0;1974,89,35945.0;1974,233,61224.0;1974,87,49273.0;1974,86,111111.0;1974,195,89552.0;1974,82,108000.0;1974,141,38748.0;1974,5396,27225.0;1974,234,65354.0;1974,75,131846.0;1974,3897,28205.0;1974,74,196319.0;1974,235,75000.0;1974,73,123316.0;1974,68,48452.0;1974,64,48038.0;1974,238,74054.0;1974,84,73333.0;1974,255,100000.0;1974,60,61905.0;1974,80,30303.0;1974,355,81677.0;1974,273,60151.0;1974,462,49752.0;1974,463,57526.0;1974,464,27225.0;1974,466,80182.0;1974,290,114709.0;1974,477,72954.0;1974,436,40750.0;1974,295,119470.0;1974,275,102473.0;1975,20,25333.0;1975,21,150175.0;1975,26,127778.0;1975,29,257143.0;1975,32,73151.0;1975,34,131015.0;1975,37,127939.0;1975,38,80000.0;1975,40,52000.0;1975,41,90847.0;1975,18581,83333.0;1975,42,87500.0;1975,43,56984.0;1975,197,45000.0;1975,174,29719.0;1975,173,34043.0;1975,171,119812.0;1975,34845,116667.0;1975,34979,150360.0;1975,170,78734.0;1975,169,50000.0;1975,168,55000.0;1975,199,241935.0;1975,166,57135.0;1975,143,55206.0;1975,164,41000.0;1975,167,70158.0;1975,200,100370.0;1975,160,39992.0;1975,201,102276.0;1975,259,94737.0;1975,159,25385.0;1975,202,100082.0;1975,253,90909.0;1975,203,179104.0;1975,153,50000.0;1975,151,33333.0;1975,150,66667.0;1975,206,82857.0;1975,252,100000.0;1975,148,28077.0;1975,147,70000.0;1975,145,42727.0;1975,139,31986.0;1975,137,163207.0;1975,136,88974.0;1975,132,85479.0;1975,129,80000.0;1975,125,153846.0;1975,121,56000.0;1975,118,64356.0;1975,117,61905.0;1975,116,101818.0;1975,211,40000.0;1975,115,75000.0;1975,284,200000.0;1975,213,175833.0;1975,113,191643.0;1975,109,40625.0;1975,142,89553.0;1975,220,61500.0;1975,105,40548.0;1975,104,50312.0;1975,103,100000.0;1975,261,30909.0;1975,34984,89535.0;1975,100,88664.0;1975,99,105000.0;1975,98,147942.0;1975,97,112591.0;1975,96,82554.0;1975,93,78000.0;1975,245,97561.0;1975,91,123138.0;1975,229,36933.0;1975,230,124000.0;1975,239,187500.0;1975,232,100000.0;1975,89,29434.0;1975,233,62500.0;1975,87,49273.0;1975,86,111923.0;1975,195,97015.0;1975,82,107586.0;1975,141,47365.0;1975,5396,30618.0;1975,234,54146.0;1975,75,149330.0;1975,3897,30769.0;1975,74,191300.0;1975,235,73171.0;1975,73,123421.0;1975,68,48400.0;1975,64,78286.0;1975,238,84826.0;1975,84,74207.0;1975,255,100000.0;1975,60,62319.0;1975,80,30000.0;1975,355,85982.0;1975,273,65096.0;1975,462,58254.0;1975,463,58609.0;1975,464,30618.0;1975,466,85013.0;1975,290,117698.0;1975,477,73010.0;1975,436,42784.0;1975,295,122717.0;1975,275,107085.0;1975,467,119812.0;1975,470,128650.0;1975,471,100556.0;1975,277,100864.0;1975,478,103394.0;1975,34752,89535.0;1975,479,95722.0;1975,454,58640.0;1975,34987,56709.0;1975,5398,46605.0;1975,34988,72253.0;1975,34989,58635.0;1975,246,53333.0;1975,19,35526.0;1976,246,56667.0;1976,19,36111.0;1976,20,25882.0;1976,21,102133.0;1976,26,130435.0;1976,29,252778.0;1976,32,78539.0;1976,34,138500.0;1976,37,121526.0;1976,38,80000.0;1976,40,53000.0;1976,41,91977.0;1976,18581,87500.0;1976,42,66667.0;1976,43,57005.0;1976,197,45000.0;1976,174,29310.0;1976,173,34681.0;1976,171,125931.0;1976,34845,122222.0;1976,34979,162916.0;1976,170,79113.0;1976,169,62857.0;1976,168,67956.0;1976,199,250000.0;1976,166,66168.0;1976,143,53659.0;1976,164,42333.0;1976,167,69070.0;1976,200,101250.0;1976,160,36440.0;1976,201,105001.0;1976,259,94703.0;1976,159,24615.0;1976,202,120000.0;1976,253,100000.0;1976,203,179412.0;1976,153,50000.0;1976,151,31667.0;1976,150,72760.0;1976,206,85556.0;1976,252,100000.0;1976,148,27778.0;1976,147,70000.0;1976,145,42857.0;1976,139,29897.0;1976,137,169344.0;1976,136,90080.0;1976,132,91273.0;1976,129,81757.0;1976,125,154545.0;1976,121,61111.0;1976,118,64367.0;1976,117,63571.0;1976,116,100000.0;1976,211,40000.0;1976,115,75000.0;1976,284,73333.0;1976,213,173333.0;1976,113,169536.0;1976,109,41250.0;1976,142,87354.0;1976,220,75000.0;1976,105,40550.0;1976,104,89727.0;1976,103,101852.0;1976,261,31818.0;1976,34984,90710.0;1976,100,89560.0;1976,99,104878.0;1976,98,147730.0;1976,97,112260.0;1976,96,104412.0;1976,93,74380.0;1976,245,97561.0;1976,91,119777.0;1976,229,36870.0;1976,230,122000.0;1976,239,125000.0;1976,232,104167.0;1976,89,26798.0;1976,233,57143.0;1976,87,51176.0;1976,86,111429.0;1976,195,102941.0;1976,82,110667.0;1976,141,49450.0;1976,5396,25898.0;1976,234,61995.0;1976,75,150654.0;1976,3897,33333.0;1976,74,190296.0;1976,235,72115.0;1976,73,125000.0;1976,68,55404.0;1976,64,85964.0;1976,238,78786.0;1976,84,78597.0;1976,255,102174.0;1976,60,62338.0;1976,80,30303.0;1976,355,88445.0;1976,273,67223.0;1976,462,61226.0;1976,463,58649.0;1976,464,25898.0;1976,466,88482.0;1976,290,113218.0;1976,477,74346.0;1976,436,42616.0;1976,295,117783.0;1976,275,112680.0;1976,467,125931.0;1976,470,135974.0;1976,471,106484.0;1976,277,101980.0;1976,478,105176.0;1976,34752,90710.0;1976,479,95378.0;1976,454,60141.0;1976,34987,62261.0;1976,5398,47141.0;1976,34988,74738.0;1976,34989,59999.0;1977,467,124005.0;1977,470,143941.0;1977,471,105280.0;1977,277,103183.0;1977,478,107606.0;1977,34752,88421.0;1977,479,93281.0;1977,454,62628.0;1977,34987,62319.0;1977,5398,52706.0;1977,34988,76100.0;1977,34989,62430.0;1977,246,53333.0;1977,19,36111.0;1977,20,22000.0;1977,21,85514.0;1977,26,131579.0;1977,29,252778.0;1977,32,73564.0;1977,34,127952.0;1977,37,119187.0;1977,38,83333.0;1977,40,54000.0;1977,41,90909.0;1977,18581,112500.0;1977,42,75000.0;1977,43,58001.0;1977,197,45000.0;1977,174,29508.0;1977,173,35417.0;1977,171,124005.0;1977,34845,121053.0;1977,34979,155804.0;1977,170,90362.0;1977,169,49333.0;1977,168,55000.0;1977,199,233871.0;1977,166,50368.0;1977,143,50622.0;1977,164,43667.0;1977,167,69005.0;1977,200,100000.0;1977,160,62436.0;1977,201,72058.0;1977,259,101190.0;1977,159,23846.0;1977,202,140000.0;1977,253,100000.0;1977,203,177143.0;1977,153,50233.0;1977,151,33333.0;1977,150,78060.0;1977,206,90000.0;1977,252,80000.0;1977,148,27500.0;1977,147,69966.0;1977,145,43860.0;1977,139,27942.0;1977,137,165241.0;1977,136,91582.0;1977,132,92243.0;1977,129,77215.0;1977,125,157143.0;1977,121,63333.0;1977,118,66205.0;1977,117,62045.0;1977,116,102778.0;1977,211,30000.0;1977,115,75000.0;1977,284,34667.0;1977,213,173846.0;1977,113,164039.0;1977,109,41875.0;1977,142,93393.0;1977,220,80000.0;1977,105,40552.0;1977,104,86860.0;1977,103,100000.0;1977,261,31818.0;1977,34984,88421.0;1977,100,88662.0;1977,99,105882.0;1977,98,148028.0;1977,97,113330.0;1977,96,97971.0;1977,93,73420.0;1977,245,100000.0;1977,91,119823.0;1977,229,35417.0;1977,230,118000.0;1977,239,125000.0;1977,232,104000.0;1977,89,39714.0;1977,233,53333.0;1977,87,49444.0;1977,86,110000.0;1977,195,108696.0;1977,82,114000.0;1977,141,58129.0;1977,5396,24852.0;1977,234,56404.0;1977,75,142551.0;1977,3897,32468.0;1977,74,151933.0;1977,235,70048.0;1977,73,125000.0;1977,68,55403.0;1977,64,119822.0;1977,238,67446.0;1977,84,76723.0;1977,255,102609.0;1977,60,61905.0;1977,80,30303.0;1977,355,89354.0;1977,273,68672.0;1977,462,67017.0;1977,463,58227.0;1977,464,24852.0;1977,466,87529.0;1977,290,112257.0;1977,477,70881.0;1977,436,49595.0;1977,295,116371.0;1977,275,111754.0;1978,20,41667.0;1978,21,84651.0;1978,26,132474.0;1978,29,230000.0;1978,32,65149.0;1978,34,143406.0;1978,37,118487.0;1978,38,83333.0;1978,40,61111.0;1978,41,91837.0;1978,18581,120000.0;1978,42,62500.0;1978,43,58016.0;1978,197,53333.0;1978,174,29841.0;1978,173,35714.0;1978,171,126928.0;1978,34845,125000.0;1978,34979,150076.0;1978,170,94285.0;1978,169,50000.0;1978,168,59184.0;1978,199,233871.0;1978,166,42393.0;1978,143,51799.0;1978,164,40000.0;1978,167,66241.0;1978,200,101250.0;1978,160,40104.0;1978,201,70530.0;1978,259,102000.0;1978,159,23846.0;1978,202,160000.0;1978,253,100000.0;1978,203,177465.0;1978,153,49783.0;1978,151,30000.0;1978,150,80638.0;1978,206,86842.0;1978,252,80000.0;1978,148,27241.0;1978,147,70045.0;1978,145,45000.0;1978,139,26131.0;1978,137,158758.0;1978,136,93297.0;1978,132,91049.0;1978,129,77500.0;1978,125,152778.0;1978,121,65556.0;1978,118,58336.0;1978,117,63636.0;1978,116,103030.0;1978,211,25000.0;1978,115,75000.0;1978,284,52000.0;1978,213,175714.0;1978,113,155718.0;1978,109,42500.0;1978,142,93523.0;1978,220,85714.0;1978,105,60000.0;1978,104,78527.0;1978,103,109091.0;1978,261,40000.0;1978,34984,88889.0;1978,100,84043.0;1978,99,102151.0;1978,98,152747.0;1978,97,114024.0;1978,96,117261.0;1978,93,82326.0;1978,245,100000.0;1978,91,93556.0;1978,229,35200.0;1978,230,122000.0;1978,239,106667.0;1978,232,111111.0;1978,89,47053.0;1978,233,50667.0;1978,87,44500.0;1978,86,110000.0;1978,195,114286.0;1978,82,111000.0;1978,141,78815.0;1978,5396,24276.0;1978,234,76415.0;1978,75,155115.0;1978,3897,34722.0;1978,74,177397.0;1978,235,65534.0;1978,73,125000.0;1978,68,38373.0;1978,64,111289.0;1978,238,73354.0;1978,84,76031.0;1978,255,104348.0;1978,60,62222.0;1978,80,30058.0;1978,355,90442.0;1978,273,67290.0;1978,462,60571.0;1978,463,56625.0;1978,464,24276.0;1978,466,92665.0;1978,290,112271.0;1978,477,67495.0;1978,436,43625.0;1978,295,116701.0;1978,275,117835.0;1978,467,126928.0;1978,470,145022.0;1978,471,113396.0;1978,277,101146.0;1978,478,105256.0;1978,34752,88889.0;1978,479,90479.0;1978,454,58802.0;1978,34987,55012.0;1978,5398,48024.0;1978,34988,73823.0;1978,34989,59168.0;1978,246,43333.0;1978,19,36111.0;1979,246,36667.0;1979,19,33824.0;1979,20,43000.0;1979,21,85514.0;1979,26,121053.0;1979,29,248649.0;1979,32,64892.0;1979,34,127366.0;1979,37,118245.0;1979,38,81818.0;1979,40,70000.0;1979,41,91714.0;1979,18581,120000.0;1979,42,60000.0;1979,43,57998.0;1979,197,36667.0;1979,174,30323.0;1979,173,36000.0;1979,171,140896.0;1979,34845,140000.0;1979,34979,153052.0;1979,170,86101.0;1979,169,48571.0;1979,168,63158.0;1979,199,233871.0;1979,166,34720.0;1979,143,52543.0;1979,164,40000.0;1979,167,70000.0;1979,200,107867.0;1979,160,50758.0;1979,201,91150.0;1979,259,118286.0;1979,159,23846.0;1979,202,180000.0;1979,253,100000.0;1979,203,177778.0;1979,153,49792.0;1979,151,30000.0;1979,150,80320.0;1979,206,84737.0;1979,252,80000.0;1979,148,33690.0;1979,147,69982.0;1979,145,40382.0;1979,139,28715.0;1979,137,167361.0;1979,136,95537.0;1979,132,113698.0;1979,129,78750.0;1979,125,150000.0;1979,121,66667.0;1979,118,58852.0;1979,117,61277.0;1979,116,102941.0;1979,211,30000.0;1979,115,75000.0;1979,284,27000.0;1979,213,202222.0;1979,113,133901.0;1979,109,40230.0;1979,142,92931.0;1979,220,86667.0;1979,105,80000.0;1979,104,80049.0;1979,103,104348.0;1979,261,38462.0;1979,34984,92000.0;1979,100,84726.0;1979,99,103158.0;1979,98,149365.0;1979,97,114874.0;1979,96,106007.0;1979,93,82279.0;1979,245,100000.0;1979,91,164000.0;1979,229,34615.0;1979,230,120000.0;1979,239,106667.0;1979,232,111111.0;1979,89,31656.0;1979,233,50000.0;1979,87,45000.0;1979,86,110000.0;1979,195,119718.0;1979,82,110645.0;1979,141,99739.0;1979,5396,25405.0;1979,234,69949.0;1979,75,139684.0;1979,3897,33846.0;1979,74,95063.0;1979,235,64286.0;1979,73,125000.0;1979,68,42706.0;1979,64,125422.0;1979,238,73653.0;1979,84,74166.0;1979,255,104348.0;1979,60,62105.0;1979,80,30000.0;1979,355,90067.0;1979,273,69545.0;1979,462,66158.0;1979,463,59175.0;1979,464,25405.0;1979,466,89785.0;1979,290,111892.0;1979,477,69009.0;1979,436,44139.0;1979,295,115798.0;1979,275,113155.0;1979,467,140896.0;1979,470,158630.0;1979,471,104717.0;1979,277,101728.0;1979,478,106078.0;1979,34752,92000.0;1979,479,89444.0;1979,454,62192.0;1979,34987,62691.0;1979,5398,48968.0;1979,34988,76626.0;1979,34989,62536.0;1980,467,146192.0;1980,470,157466.0;1980,471,111251.0;1980,277,102383.0;1980,478,107143.0;1980,34752,91429.0;1980,479,89252.0;1980,454,62422.0;1980,34987,69796.0;1980,5398,45242.0;1980,34988,75242.0;1980,34989,62803.0;1980,246,50000.0;1980,19,33824.0;1980,20,39167.0;1980,21,96391.0;1980,26,115000.0;1980,29,244737.0;1980,32,65857.0;1980,34,121500.0;1980,37,116405.0;1980,38,82927.0;1980,40,81429.0;1980,41,90909.0;1980,18581,75000.0;1980,42,80000.0;1980,43,59001.0;1980,197,43333.0;1980,174,30667.0;1980,173,38182.0;1980,171,146192.0;1980,34845,146018.0;1980,34979,149381.0;1980,170,103534.0;1980,169,48529.0;1980,168,68750.0;1980,199,233333.0;1980,166,33938.0;1980,143,52332.0;1980,164,27000.0;1980,167,70000.0;1980,200,112133.0;1980,160,49842.0;1980,201,91091.0;1980,259,118427.0;1980,159,24615.0;1980,202,190000.0;1980,253,106250.0;1980,203,178082.0;1980,153,50000.0;1980,151,30000.0;1980,150,80765.0;1980,206,85294.0;1980,252,90000.0;1980,148,33333.0;1980,147,70022.0;1980,145,39683.0;1980,139,55587.0;1980,137,166107.0;1980,136,97179.0;1980,132,116670.0;1980,129,78882.0;1980,125,151111.0;1980,121,66667.0;1980,118,60756.0;1980,117,58400.0;1980,116,103125.0;1980,211,10000.0;1980,115,73920.0;1980,284,27000.0;1980,213,172000.0;1980,113,94749.0;1980,109,41379.0;1980,142,161422.0;1980,220,84375.0;1980,105,111847.0;1980,104,77143.0;1980,103,95833.0;1980,261,38462.0;1980,34984,91429.0;1980,100,70719.0;1980,99,103125.0;1980,98,149668.0;1980,97,113469.0;1980,96,93051.0;1980,93,82519.0;1980,245,100000.0;1980,91,119143.0;1980,229,34615.0;1980,230,120000.0;1980,239,106667.0;1980,232,112500.0;1980,89,34018.0;1980,233,50000.0;1980,87,38000.0;1980,86,110000.0;1980,195,125000.0;1980,82,110625.0;1980,141,97883.0;1980,5396,26891.0;1980,234,72808.0;1980,75,147489.0;1980,3897,34921.0;1980,74,103255.0;1980,235,62642.0;1980,73,122857.0;1980,68,68609.0;1980,64,107289.0;1980,238,85708.0;1980,84,75028.0;1980,255,104348.0;1980,60,61765.0;1980,80,32432.0;1980,355,91267.0;1980,273,68533.0;1980,462,65940.0;1980,463,59824.0;1980,464,26891.0;1980,466,85536.0;1980,290,112279.0;1980,477,62289.0;1980,436,38889.0;1980,295,116234.0;1980,275,118184.0;1981,20,56316.0;1981,21,91927.0;1981,26,110000.0;1981,29,244737.0;1981,32,61451.0;1981,34,106765.0;1981,37,118594.0;1981,38,82250.0;1981,40,92000.0;1981,41,92041.0;1981,18581,100000.0;1981,42,72800.0;1981,43,58997.0;1981,197,43333.0;1981,174,31324.0;1981,173,39474.0;1981,171,151613.0;1981,34845,152174.0;1981,34979,140252.0;1981,170,103865.0;1981,169,48529.0;1981,168,70926.0;1981,199,222222.0;1981,166,35272.0;1981,143,53390.0;1981,164,36285.0;1981,167,68476.0;1981,200,106625.0;1981,160,51830.0;1981,201,91073.0;1981,259,118398.0;1981,159,25385.0;1981,202,190000.0;1981,253,111111.0;1981,203,175342.0;1981,153,50426.0;1981,151,30000.0;1981,150,98333.0;1981,206,87059.0;1981,252,90000.0;1981,148,32000.0;1981,147,70036.0;1981,145,40000.0;1981,139,51988.0;1981,137,182921.0;1981,136,95860.0;1981,132,111799.0;1981,129,119048.0;1981,125,152174.0;1981,121,66667.0;1981,118,58139.0;1981,117,55660.0;1981,116,102857.0;1981,211,40000.0;1981,115,75280.0;1981,284,27000.0;1981,213,250000.0;1981,113,90270.0;1981,109,41379.0;1981,142,95547.0;1981,220,80000.0;1981,105,111983.0;1981,104,72346.0;1981,103,91667.0;1981,261,38462.0;1981,34984,90909.0;1981,100,61140.0;1981,99,102041.0;1981,98,112748.0;1981,97,110337.0;1981,96,84039.0;1981,93,83000.0;1981,245,102326.0;1981,91,119816.0;1981,229,34615.0;1981,230,112000.0;1981,239,113333.0;1981,232,111111.0;1981,89,43327.0;1981,233,50000.0;1981,87,34643.0;1981,86,110000.0;1981,195,130137.0;1981,82,107353.0;1981,141,93746.0;1981,5396,27778.0;1981,234,29940.0;1981,75,142739.0;1981,3897,35385.0;1981,74,86329.0;1981,235,63636.0;1981,73,124242.0;1981,68,97871.0;1981,64,129422.0;1981,238,75330.0;1981,84,78255.0;1981,255,104348.0;1981,60,61682.0;1981,80,27778.0;1981,355,92584.0;1981,273,70624.0;1981,462,74787.0;1981,463,59309.0;1981,464,27778.0;1981,466,84078.0;1981,290,111773.0;1981,477,64587.0;1981,436,42208.0;1981,295,115560.0;1981,275,118914.0;1981,467,151613.0;1981,470,169642.0;1981,471,110696.0;1981,277,102408.0;1981,478,106992.0;1981,34752,90909.0;1981,479,90060.0;1981,454,65343.0;1981,34987,75378.0;1981,5398,47865.0;1981,34988,77682.0;1981,34989,65666.0;1981,246,65000.0;1981,19,33824.0;1982,246,67500.0;1982,19,34118.0;1982,20,56667.0;1982,21,90756.0;1982,26,110000.0;1982,29,243590.0;1982,32,64603.0;1982,34,126688.0;1982,37,113440.0;1982,38,79623.0;1982,40,92000.0;1982,41,88800.0;1982,18581,80000.0;1982,42,63333.0;1982,43,60011.0;1982,197,43333.0;1982,174,35417.0;1982,173,40000.0;1982,171,152788.0;1982,34845,153191.0;1982,34979,141467.0;1982,170,90831.0;1982,169,49254.0;1982,168,73387.0;1982,199,186364.0;1982,166,38267.0;1982,143,52543.0;1982,164,31172.0;1982,167,71664.0;1982,200,107125.0;1982,160,66658.0;1982,201,92310.0;1982,259,118286.0;1982,159,25000.0;1982,202,190000.0;1982,253,111111.0;1982,203,171429.0;1982,153,50000.0;1982,151,30000.0;1982,150,86348.0;1982,206,77500.0;1982,252,90000.0;1982,148,32143.0;1982,147,70070.0;1982,145,40625.0;1982,139,81388.0;1982,137,163738.0;1982,136,98117.0;1982,132,103396.0;1982,129,52000.0;1982,125,150000.0;1982,121,66667.0;1982,118,60500.0;1982,117,53818.0;1982,116,107143.0;1982,211,40000.0;1982,115,73692.0;1982,284,27000.0;1982,213,133333.0;1982,113,174222.0;1982,109,40556.0;1982,142,107903.0;1982,220,72500.0;1982,105,113300.0;1982,104,65223.0;1982,103,93600.0;1982,261,38462.0;1982,34984,90435.0;1982,100,72771.0;1982,99,103000.0;1982,98,139900.0;1982,97,113964.0;1982,96,75235.0;1982,93,81235.0;1982,245,102326.0;1982,91,129434.0;1982,229,33704.0;1982,230,100000.0;1982,239,116667.0;1982,232,111111.0;1982,89,37175.0;1982,233,50000.0;1982,87,33784.0;1982,86,110000.0;1982,195,135135.0;1982,82,107429.0;1982,141,96851.0;1982,5396,27778.0;1982,234,72219.0;1982,75,163614.0;1982,3897,37097.0;1982,74,33751.0;1982,235,63636.0;1982,73,125000.0;1982,68,94471.0;1982,64,112512.0;1982,238,77010.0;1982,84,78268.0;1982,255,104348.0;1982,60,62037.0;1982,80,32432.0;1982,355,92159.0;1982,273,70459.0;1982,462,71629.0;1982,463,62531.0;1982,464,27778.0;1982,466,81241.0;1982,290,109453.0;1982,477,72787.0;1982,436,40701.0;1982,295,112985.0;1982,275,123615.0;1982,467,152788.0;1982,470,153389.0;1982,471,117542.0;1982,277,103329.0;1982,478,108663.0;1982,34752,90435.0;1982,479,88372.0;1982,454,65774.0;1982,34987,82349.0;1982,5398,47214.0;1982,34988,76244.0;1982,34989,65520.0;1983,467,158105.0;1983,470,169844.0;1983,471,126703.0;1983,277,104571.0;1983,478,110299.0;1983,34752,90909.0;1983,479,88570.0;1983,454,66521.0;1983,34987,79769.0;1983,5398,46537.0;1983,34988,77361.0;1983,34989,66915.0;1983,246,47500.0;1983,19,33714.0;1983,20,44000.0;1983,21,86875.0;1983,26,110526.0;1983,29,240000.0;1983,32,67016.0;1983,34,120820.0;1983,37,105996.0;1983,38,95714.0;1983,40,92000.0;1983,41,90612.0;1983,18581,95000.0;1983,42,38182.0;1983,43,114312.0;1983,197,50000.0;1983,174,36190.0;1983,173,41429.0;1983,171,158105.0;1983,34845,158333.0;1983,34979,147995.0;1983,170,90023.0;1983,169,50000.0;1983,168,71568.0;1983,199,153846.0;1983,166,46671.0;1983,143,48794.0;1983,164,31428.0;1983,167,71638.0;1983,200,107125.0;1983,160,55166.0;1983,201,96898.0;1983,259,128143.0;1983,159,27143.0;1983,202,190000.0;1983,253,114815.0;1983,203,175758.0;1983,153,50000.0;1983,151,30000.0;1983,150,82286.0;1983,206,73684.0;1983,252,90000.0;1983,148,31930.0;1983,147,69942.0;1983,145,40769.0;1983,139,76925.0;1983,137,177086.0;1983,136,99137.0;1983,132,104170.0;1983,129,100000.0;1983,125,140000.0;1983,121,60000.0;1983,118,60638.0;1983,117,24210.0;1983,116,107714.0;1983,211,36667.0;1983,115,75000.0;1983,284,31429.0;1983,213,153846.0;1983,113,112500.0;1983,109,41111.0;1983,142,122570.0;1983,220,73684.0;1983,105,121865.0;1983,104,66000.0;1983,103,90455.0;1983,261,40000.0;1983,34984,90909.0;1983,100,70560.0;1983,99,102941.0;1983,98,144438.0;1983,97,111717.0;1983,96,65620.0;1983,93,81889.0;1983,245,110000.0;1983,91,110002.0;1983,229,34074.0;1983,230,88889.0;1983,239,120000.0;1983,232,111111.0;1983,89,27420.0;1983,233,50000.0;1983,87,33871.0;1983,86,110000.0;1983,195,136000.0;1983,82,107500.0;1983,141,130414.0;1983,5396,27778.0;1983,234,64227.0;1983,75,186554.0;1983,3897,40000.0;1983,74,35258.0;1983,235,67917.0;1983,73,117647.0;1983,68,87070.0;1983,64,117116.0;1983,238,80130.0;1983,84,84665.0;1983,255,104348.0;1983,60,62044.0;1983,80,36842.0;1983,355,93301.0;1983,273,71104.0;1983,462,74047.0;1983,463,64775.0;1983,464,27778.0;1983,466,77830.0;1983,290,103545.0;1983,477,80372.0;1983,436,40075.0;1983,295,107215.0;1983,275,133456.0;1984,20,50000.0;1984,21,89216.0;1984,26,100000.0;1984,29,240000.0;1984,32,69415.0;1984,34,84707.0;1984,37,118236.0;1984,38,125000.0;1984,40,92004.0;1984,41,92909.0;1984,18581,112676.0;1984,42,62000.0;1984,43,144290.0;1984,197,40000.0;1984,174,37500.0;1984,173,42667.0;1984,171,158072.0;1984,34845,158333.0;1984,34979,144694.0;1984,170,90674.0;1984,169,41009.0;1984,168,71568.0;1984,199,139286.0;1984,166,39707.0;1984,143,54408.0;1984,164,43893.0;1984,167,71853.0;1984,200,104778.0;1984,160,58905.0;1984,201,99704.0;1984,259,148513.0;1984,159,28929.0;1984,202,120000.0;1984,253,111111.0;1984,203,171875.0;1984,153,50000.0;1984,151,30000.0;1984,150,88000.0;1984,206,67143.0;1984,252,140000.0;1984,148,32056.0;1984,147,69526.0;1984,94,80000.0;1984,145,40769.0;1984,139,80000.0;1984,137,184289.0;1984,136,104907.0;1984,132,116639.0;1984,129,50000.0;1984,125,136000.0;1984,121,50421.0;1984,118,60924.0;1984,117,31743.0;1984,116,108571.0;1984,211,35714.0;1984,115,73556.0;1984,284,32000.0;1984,213,161765.0;1984,113,87277.0;1984,109,41111.0;1984,142,117691.0;1984,220,75000.0;1984,105,115537.0;1984,104,94000.0;1984,103,93725.0;1984,261,41818.0;1984,34984,91818.0;1984,100,70116.0;1984,99,102885.0;1984,98,151237.0;1984,97,111504.0;1984,96,73989.0;1984,93,81345.0;1984,245,100000.0;1984,91,105181.0;1984,229,32857.0;1984,230,78571.0;1984,239,123333.0;1984,232,120000.0;1984,89,29588.0;1984,233,50000.0;1984,87,38462.0;1984,86,110000.0;1984,195,138158.0;1984,82,107568.0;1984,141,120222.0;1984,5396,25000.0;1984,234,64605.0;1984,75,149688.0;1984,3897,41935.0;1984,74,55830.0;1984,235,66667.0;1984,73,113643.0;1984,68,74040.0;1984,64,109840.0;1984,238,80083.0;1984,84,87880.0;1984,255,104348.0;1984,60,61947.0;1984,80,41026.0;1984,355,94284.0;1984,273,71689.0;1984,462,69233.0;1984,463,66205.0;1984,464,25000.0;1984,466,83451.0;1984,290,113081.0;1984,477,76991.0;1984,436,46002.0;1984,295,117341.0;1984,275,127067.0;1984,467,158072.0;1984,470,174618.0;1984,471,119322.0;1984,277,102679.0;1984,478,107090.0;1984,34752,91818.0;1984,479,86211.0;1984,454,65795.0;1984,34987,77627.0;1984,5398,52297.0;1984,34988,78330.0;1984,34989,65944.0;1984,246,45000.0;1984,19,34324.0;1985,246,45000.0;1985,19,34250.0;1985,20,55000.0;1985,21,91408.0;1985,26,105263.0;1985,29,240000.0;1985,32,68852.0;1985,34,91421.0;1985,37,123789.0;1985,38,125000.0;1985,40,82894.0;1985,41,90000.0;1985,18581,110000.0;1985,42,21250.0;1985,43,159535.0;1985,197,50000.0;1985,174,38047.0;1985,173,45000.0;1985,171,149959.0;1985,34845,150000.0;1985,34979,147463.0;1985,170,88677.0;1985,169,41033.0;1985,168,71564.0;1985,199,121212.0;1985,166,49068.0;1985,143,56138.0;1985,164,33127.0;1985,167,80500.0;1985,200,107111.0;1985,160,59945.0;1985,201,103011.0;1985,259,147855.0;1985,159,28000.0;1985,202,120000.0;1985,253,111111.0;1985,203,170968.0;1985,153,50000.0;1985,151,30000.0;1985,150,79323.0;1985,206,77500.0;1985,252,148927.0;1985,148,31973.0;1985,147,73944.0;1985,94,90000.0;1985,145,41538.0;1985,139,80000.0;1985,137,185460.0;1985,136,108814.0;1985,132,113000.0;1985,129,127049.0;1985,125,140000.0;1985,121,61642.0;1985,118,61100.0;1985,117,26080.0;1985,116,106667.0;1985,211,35714.0;1985,115,72214.0;1985,213,139130.0;1985,113,93073.0;1985,109,40000.0;1985,142,107417.0;1985,220,76471.0;1985,105,109091.0;1985,104,98000.0;1985,103,112465.0;1985,261,44000.0;1985,34984,94545.0;1985,100,71124.0;1985,99,103810.0;1985,98,153472.0;1985,97,105344.0;1985,96,82453.0;1985,93,76345.0;1985,245,70588.0;1985,91,103992.0;1985,229,33214.0;1985,230,71429.0;1985,239,126667.0;1985,232,116667.0;1985,89,39529.0;1985,233,50000.0;1985,87,45833.0;1985,86,110000.0;1985,195,142857.0;1985,82,108108.0;1985,141,109605.0;1985,5396,23684.0;1985,234,65934.0;1985,75,139941.0;1985,3897,45000.0;1985,74,76634.0;1985,235,62975.0;1985,73,110556.0;1985,68,90055.0;1985,64,109586.0;1985,238,78652.0;1985,84,87755.0;1985,255,104348.0;1985,60,62069.0;1985,80,41414.0;1985,355,98207.0;1985,273,77661.0;1985,462,72588.0;1985,463,72333.0;1985,464,23684.0;1985,466,93549.0;1985,290,117278.0;1985,477,77845.0;1985,436,42690.0;1985,295,121767.0;1985,275,125022.0;1985,467,149959.0;1985,470,174257.0;1985,471,117781.0;1985,277,102610.0;1985,478,107811.0;1985,34752,94545.0;1985,479,81992.0;1985,454,69960.0;1985,34987,84180.0;1985,5398,50094.0;1985,34988,84835.0;1985,34989,70214.0;1986,467,151848.0;1986,470,165241.0;1986,471,113920.0;1986,277,102998.0;1986,478,106306.0;1986,34752,97273.0;1986,479,90507.0;1986,454,70202.0;1986,34987,80593.0;1986,5398,47392.0;1986,34988,83505.0;1986,34989,69904.0;1986,246,47500.0;1986,19,34878.0;1986,20,55556.0;1986,21,120076.0;1986,26,105263.0;1986,29,240000.0;1986,32,70167.0;1986,34,105000.0;1986,37,124644.0;1986,38,123457.0;1986,40,64507.0;1986,41,92333.0;1986,18581,116667.0;1986,42,51667.0;1986,43,148099.0;1986,197,50000.0;1986,174,37225.0;1986,173,44776.0;1986,171,151848.0;1986,34845,152174.0;1986,34979,130006.0;1986,170,87078.0;1986,169,40000.0;1986,168,71959.0;1986,199,111111.0;1986,166,60000.0;1986,143,55066.0;1986,164,33206.0;1986,167,80500.0;1986,200,107111.0;1986,160,42518.0;1986,201,59271.0;1986,259,151143.0;1986,159,29000.0;1986,202,120000.0;1986,253,113605.0;1986,203,161290.0;1986,153,50294.0;1986,151,30000.0;1986,150,74282.0;1986,206,62000.0;1986,252,151421.0;1986,148,32000.0;1986,147,73553.0;1986,94,93333.0;1986,145,41176.0;1986,139,80220.0;1986,137,177160.0;1986,136,113790.0;1986,132,123023.0;1986,129,85265.0;1986,125,140000.0;1986,121,63846.0;1986,118,67400.0;1986,117,29941.0;1986,116,106944.0;1986,211,35714.0;1986,115,73500.0;1986,213,184211.0;1986,113,100377.0;1986,109,40000.0;1986,142,112311.0;1986,220,78125.0;1986,105,109434.0;1986,104,76538.0;1986,103,113132.0;1986,261,46667.0;1986,34984,97273.0;1986,100,72149.0;1986,99,102830.0;1986,98,144051.0;1986,97,108513.0;1986,96,81565.0;1986,93,78207.0;1986,245,61765.0;1986,91,95458.0;1986,229,33214.0;1986,230,58621.0;1986,239,150000.0;1986,232,111111.0;1986,89,37356.0;1986,233,50000.0;1986,87,51364.0;1986,86,110000.0;1986,195,147436.0;1986,82,108158.0;1986,141,98585.0;1986,5396,22857.0;1986,234,40137.0;1986,75,126645.0;1986,3897,45001.0;1986,74,73375.0;1986,235,76087.0;1986,73,107500.0;1986,68,80172.0;1986,64,113464.0;1986,238,77825.0;1986,84,91589.0;1986,255,104348.0;1986,60,62043.0;1986,80,42500.0;1986,355,96290.0;1986,273,77293.0;1986,462,72335.0;1986,463,72281.0;1986,464,22857.0;1986,466,91758.0;1986,290,117524.0;1986,477,80490.0;1986,436,40142.0;1986,295,122026.0;1986,275,121158.0;1987,20,51667.0;1987,21,101575.0;1987,26,105263.0;1987,29,240000.0;1987,32,65967.0;1987,34,103475.0;1987,37,121459.0;1987,38,117647.0;1987,40,66785.0;1987,41,91548.0;1987,18581,124000.0;1987,42,46000.0;1987,43,141532.0;1987,197,50000.0;1987,174,32101.0;1987,173,43571.0;1987,171,143444.0;1987,34845,143478.0;1987,34979,140635.0;1987,170,79220.0;1987,169,50058.0;1987,168,71609.0;1987,199,100000.0;1987,166,80000.0;1987,143,56522.0;1987,164,28610.0;1987,167,80580.0;1987,200,105500.0;1987,160,56124.0;1987,201,58567.0;1987,259,150334.0;1987,159,29333.0;1987,202,112953.0;1987,253,85211.0;1987,203,168966.0;1987,153,49722.0;1987,151,30000.0;1987,150,69982.0;1987,206,61000.0;1987,252,151543.0;1987,148,32026.0;1987,147,73164.0;1987,94,100000.0;1987,145,42647.0;1987,139,79570.0;1987,137,181470.0;1987,136,117468.0;1987,132,124150.0;1987,129,85000.0;1987,125,144444.0;1987,121,79984.0;1987,118,70000.0;1987,117,26112.0;1987,116,106301.0;1987,211,34000.0;1987,115,72207.0;1987,213,178125.0;1987,113,87212.0;1987,109,41111.0;1987,142,114084.0;1987,220,80000.0;1987,105,109804.0;1987,104,75472.0;1987,103,107733.0;1987,261,44444.0;1987,34984,99091.0;1987,100,73188.0;1987,99,104762.0;1987,98,168991.0;1987,97,111355.0;1987,96,85092.0;1987,93,80724.0;1987,245,61765.0;1987,91,93905.0;1987,229,32414.0;1987,230,51724.0;1987,239,150000.0;1987,232,111111.0;1987,89,37449.0;1987,233,50000.0;1987,87,40964.0;1987,86,110000.0;1987,195,150000.0;1987,82,105500.0;1987,141,91288.0;1987,5396,22857.0;1987,234,140182.0;1987,75,142661.0;1987,3897,36500.0;1987,74,78751.0;1987,235,90909.0;1987,73,110308.0;1987,68,89884.0;1987,64,102329.0;1987,238,78710.0;1987,84,91616.0;1987,255,104348.0;1987,60,61932.0;1987,80,40952.0;1987,355,97422.0;1987,273,76431.0;1987,462,70768.0;1987,463,71634.0;1987,464,22857.0;1987,466,90235.0;1987,290,116162.0;1987,477,84874.0;1987,436,40162.0;1987,295,120795.0;1987,275,128371.0;1987,467,143444.0;1987,470,167939.0;1987,471,123359.0;1987,277,104443.0;1987,478,105862.0;1987,34752,99091.0;1987,479,100412.0;1987,454,69417.0;1987,34987,87341.0;1987,5398,47810.0;1987,34988,82613.0;1987,34989,69188.0;1987,246,50000.0;1987,19,35000.0;1988,246,50000.0;1988,19,37500.0;1988,20,46250.0;1988,21,100000.0;1988,26,105882.0;1988,29,238095.0;1988,32,74270.0;1988,34,101751.0;1988,37,122997.0;1988,38,117647.0;1988,40,18352.0;1988,41,89754.0;1988,18581,120000.0;1988,42,98519.0;1988,43,124726.0;1988,197,50000.0;1988,174,32018.0;1988,173,46667.0;1988,171,141317.0;1988,34845,141304.0;1988,34979,142899.0;1988,170,86129.0;1988,169,50057.0;1988,168,71611.0;1988,199,95012.0;1988,166,138889.0;1988,143,54874.0;1988,164,28162.0;1988,167,80600.0;1988,200,100476.0;1988,160,61004.0;1988,201,59062.0;1988,259,143907.0;1988,159,29333.0;1988,202,105003.0;1988,253,113333.0;1988,203,177419.0;1988,153,49500.0;1988,151,30000.0;1988,150,74324.0;1988,206,56818.0;1988,252,152077.0;1988,148,30769.0;1988,147,72780.0;1988,94,105324.0;1988,146,118000.0;1988,145,40000.0;1988,139,79570.0;1988,137,201807.0;1988,136,118773.0;1988,132,122270.0;1988,129,92857.0;1988,125,136364.0;1988,121,85665.0;1988,118,65601.0;1988,117,21817.0;1988,116,106267.0;1988,211,28000.0;1988,115,73379.0;1988,213,150000.0;1988,113,74079.0;1988,109,40000.0;1988,142,116022.0;1988,220,82143.0;1988,105,110000.0;1988,104,81818.0;1988,103,114618.0;1988,261,47500.0;1988,34984,100909.0;1988,100,72758.0;1988,99,103774.0;1988,98,169540.0;1988,97,108759.0;1988,96,85943.0;1988,93,80918.0;1988,245,60000.0;1988,91,49443.0;1988,229,32414.0;1988,230,80938.0;1988,239,150000.0;1988,232,120000.0;1988,89,34067.0;1988,233,50000.0;1988,87,41464.0;1988,86,113333.0;1988,195,150602.0;1988,82,108049.0;1988,141,98379.0;1988,5396,21667.0;1988,234,118141.0;1988,75,144213.0;1988,3897,38914.0;1988,74,67728.0;1988,235,109524.0;1988,73,97467.0;1988,68,90609.0;1988,64,102525.0;1988,238,80306.0;1988,84,89365.0;1988,255,104348.0;1988,60,61962.0;1988,80,39545.0;1988,355,98878.0;1988,273,77509.0;1988,462,69324.0;1988,463,71873.0;1988,464,21667.0;1988,466,94358.0;1988,290,117443.0;1988,477,90804.0;1988,436,39157.0;1988,295,123099.0;1988,275,130662.0;1988,467,141317.0;1988,470,185568.0;1988,471,124907.0;1988,277,105452.0;1988,478,103787.0;1988,34752,100909.0;1988,479,113993.0;1988,454,69331.0;1988,34987,86455.0;1988,5398,46987.0;1988,34988,83937.0;1988,34989,69110.0;1989,467,146658.0;1989,470,178035.0;1989,471,130203.0;1989,277,106467.0;1989,478,102612.0;1989,34752,100000.0;1989,479,125397.0;1989,454,68931.0;1989,34987,85635.0;1989,5398,45333.0;1989,34988,82491.0;1989,34989,68643.0;1989,246,66667.0;1989,19,40000.0;1989,20,50000.0;1989,21,100000.0;1989,26,105882.0;1989,29,169231.0;1989,31,147170.0;1989,32,80257.0;1989,34,103265.0;1989,37,125613.0;1989,38,117647.0;1989,40,29600.0;1989,41,83647.0;1989,18581,119497.0;1989,42,63000.0;1989,43,157715.0;1989,197,70000.0;1989,174,30941.0;1989,173,46154.0;1989,171,146658.0;1989,34845,146667.0;1989,34979,145282.0;1989,170,88476.0;1989,169,50056.0;1989,168,63526.0;1989,199,133333.0;1989,166,139535.0;1989,143,55061.0;1989,164,26411.0;1989,167,80670.0;1989,200,99205.0;1989,160,62046.0;1989,201,51732.0;1989,259,157082.0;1989,159,29333.0;1989,202,87861.0;1989,253,95648.0;1989,203,180000.0;1989,153,50476.0;1989,151,30000.0;1989,150,74439.0;1989,206,59091.0;1989,252,116800.0;1989,148,31390.0;1989,147,72397.0;1989,94,105000.0;1989,146,112174.0;1989,145,40000.0;1989,139,79418.0;1989,137,193847.0;1989,136,121582.0;1989,132,117222.0;1989,129,98990.0;1989,125,124000.0;1989,121,63866.0;1989,118,66501.0;1989,117,21252.0;1989,116,105263.0;1989,211,31429.0;1989,115,72133.0;1989,213,150000.0;1989,113,75244.0;1989,109,41111.0;1989,142,103931.0;1989,220,84615.0;1989,105,110204.0;1989,104,84211.0;1989,103,106136.0;1989,261,50000.0;1989,34984,100000.0;1989,100,63582.0;1989,99,105238.0;1989,98,169940.0;1989,97,108319.0;1989,96,86663.0;1989,93,80059.0;1989,245,60000.0;1989,91,44357.0;1989,229,32414.0;1989,230,71032.0;1989,239,131579.0;1989,232,100000.0;1989,89,36510.0;1989,233,50000.0;1989,87,59949.0;1989,86,210000.0;1989,195,152941.0;1989,82,104651.0;1989,141,91934.0;1989,5396,15000.0;1989,234,117353.0;1989,75,152301.0;1989,3897,38000.0;1989,74,73090.0;1989,235,119048.0;1989,73,107429.0;1989,68,91008.0;1989,64,92328.0;1989,238,81060.0;1989,84,90843.0;1989,255,104348.0;1989,60,61944.0;1989,80,39130.0;1989,355,99570.0;1989,273,76926.0;1989,462,67643.0;1989,463,72682.0;1989,464,15000.0;1989,466,91596.0;1989,290,119069.0;1989,477,91324.0;1989,436,37814.0;1989,295,124919.0;1989,275,134567.0;1990,20,50000.0;1990,21,100000.0;1990,26,106667.0;1990,29,164286.0;1990,31,149118.0;1990,32,79771.0;1990,34,108254.0;1990,37,125529.0;1990,38,125000.0;1990,40,29600.0;1990,41,88969.0;1990,18581,120192.0;1990,42,54545.0;1990,43,164386.0;1990,197,45000.0;1990,174,28432.0;1990,173,46667.0;1990,171,139135.0;1990,34845,139130.0;1990,34979,140152.0;1990,170,93532.0;1990,169,45333.0;1990,168,65048.0;1990,199,320000.0;1990,166,138298.0;1990,143,55059.0;1990,164,27941.0;1990,167,80666.0;1990,200,99474.0;1990,160,64479.0;1990,201,54593.0;1990,259,158889.0;1990,159,25000.0;1990,202,54307.0;1990,253,95648.0;1990,203,154062.0;1990,153,47574.0;1990,151,31221.0;1990,150,84170.0;1990,206,57826.0;1990,252,137833.0;1990,148,31400.0;1990,147,72011.0;1990,94,105051.0;1990,146,109000.0;1990,145,40244.0;1990,139,79680.0;1990,137,205381.0;1990,136,120691.0;1990,132,119102.0;1990,129,108498.0;1990,125,128230.0;1990,121,72729.0;1990,118,66512.0;1990,117,23536.0;1990,116,97297.0;1990,211,45556.0;1990,115,72500.0;1990,213,135714.0;1990,113,75504.0;1990,109,48612.0;1990,142,95769.0;1990,220,83333.0;1990,105,110417.0;1990,104,88688.0;1990,103,116533.0;1990,261,50000.0;1990,34984,85561.0;1990,100,49611.0;1990,99,105566.0;1990,98,147976.0;1990,97,93413.0;1990,96,86747.0;1990,93,79233.0;1990,245,80029.0;1990,91,20126.0;1990,229,31667.0;1990,230,63067.0;1990,239,136000.0;1990,232,100000.0;1990,89,35159.0;1990,233,50645.0;1990,87,60800.0;1990,86,200000.0;1990,195,156977.0;1990,82,104545.0;1990,141,87717.0;1990,5396,15000.0;1990,234,125641.0;1990,75,139159.0;1990,3897,42181.0;1990,74,76875.0;1990,235,108043.0;1990,73,34522.0;1990,68,83010.0;1990,64,132021.0;1990,238,79811.0;1990,84,88621.0;1990,255,95438.0;1990,60,62040.0;1990,80,39916.0;1990,355,100182.0;1990,273,81777.0;1990,462,74667.0;1990,463,73265.0;1990,464,15000.0;1990,466,99929.0;1990,290,117127.0;1990,477,85704.0;1990,436,38967.0;1990,295,122733.0;1990,275,129239.0;1990,467,139135.0;1990,470,187532.0;1990,471,123578.0;1990,277,95397.0;1990,478,90953.0;1990,34752,85561.0;1990,479,119927.0;1990,454,72118.0;1990,34987,74760.0;1990,5398,45771.0;1990,34988,87696.0;1990,34989,71437.0;1990,246,31429.0;1990,19,41177.0;1991,246,600106.0;1991,19,40295.0;1991,20,50000.0;1991,21,100000.0;1991,26,100000.0;1991,29,165600.0;1991,31,87931.0;1991,32,83042.0;1991,34,112728.0;1991,37,126163.0;1991,38,121592.0;1991,40,24534.0;1991,41,89785.0;1991,18581,120141.0;1991,42,50909.0;1991,43,162200.0;1991,197,44375.0;1991,174,33604.0;1991,173,46552.0;1991,171,143446.0;1991,34845,143495.0;1991,34979,129540.0;1991,170,94555.0;1991,169,48109.0;1991,168,73730.0;1991,199,304000.0;1991,166,146684.0;1991,143,51950.0;1991,164,32382.0;1991,167,80001.0;1991,200,99333.0;1991,160,79794.0;1991,201,47217.0;1991,259,152762.0;1991,159,24800.0;1991,202,65015.0;1991,253,101973.0;1991,203,177851.0;1991,153,51628.0;1991,151,29705.0;1991,150,106630.0;1991,206,56805.0;1991,252,152455.0;1991,148,29167.0;1991,147,71630.0;1991,94,105035.0;1991,146,121538.0;1991,145,39881.0;1991,139,76776.0;1991,137,218925.0;1991,136,120946.0;1991,132,120268.0;1991,129,100000.0;1991,125,143010.0;1991,121,64286.0;1991,118,66523.0;1991,117,23432.0;1991,116,103125.0;1991,211,33333.0;1991,115,66731.0;1991,213,135714.0;1991,113,78776.0;1991,109,37965.0;1991,142,101568.0;1991,220,78341.0;1991,105,110638.0;1991,104,97154.0;1991,103,101936.0;1991,261,52890.0;1991,100,64604.0;1991,99,105660.0;1991,98,147204.0;1991,97,110170.0;1991,96,86051.0;1991,93,79375.0;1991,245,62500.0;1991,91,26400.0;1991,229,31305.0;1991,230,62857.0;1991,239,115753.0;1991,232,100000.0;1991,89,24752.0;1991,233,165634.0;1991,87,61133.0;1991,86,100000.0;1991,195,162202.0;1991,82,104651.0;1991,141,92373.0;1991,5396,17466.0;1991,234,154444.0;1991,75,137453.0;1991,3897,37780.0;1991,74,77872.0;1991,235,197625.0;1991,73,35143.0;1991,68,83008.0;1991,64,123469.0;1991,238,90926.0;1991,84,89857.0;1991,255,156444.0;1991,60,62000.0;1991,80,40000.0;1991,355,98273.0;1991,273,80755.0;1991,462,68654.0;1991,463,73729.0;1991,464,17466.0;1991,466,96084.0;1991,290,117933.0;1991,477,95415.0;1991,436,41471.0;1991,295,123601.0;1991,275,129760.0;1991,467,143446.0;1991,470,201410.0;1991,471,122575.0;1991,277,111571.0;1991,478,99147.0;1991,479,195660.0;1991,454,69649.0;1991,34987,72133.0;1991,5398,47837.0;1991,34988,86266.0;1991,34989,69186.0;1992,467,145545.0;1992,470,215197.0;1992,471,124604.0;1992,277,110926.0;1992,478,98883.0;1992,479,173341.0;1992,454,67776.0;1992,34987,72943.0;1992,5398,51591.0;1992,34988,86327.0;1992,34989,67373.0;1992,246,589538.0;1992,19,42295.0;1992,20,47727.0;1992,21,100000.0;1992,26,96091.0;1992,29,173571.0;1992,31,89027.0;1992,32,83778.0;1992,34,100476.0;1992,37,120019.0;1992,38,120000.0;1992,40,21429.0;1992,41,92046.0;1992,18581,116667.0;1992,42,93750.0;1992,43,136333.0;1992,197,40000.0;1992,174,34473.0;1992,173,45464.0;1992,171,145545.0;1992,34845,145510.0;1992,34979,157657.0;1992,170,91084.0;1992,169,49251.0;1992,168,73874.0;1992,199,332500.0;1992,166,150000.0;1992,143,50067.0;1992,164,39812.0;1992,167,80018.0;1992,200,99228.0;1992,160,93618.0;1992,201,36875.0;1992,259,172692.0;1992,159,24892.0;1992,202,50781.0;1992,253,116750.0;1992,203,178300.0;1992,153,51111.0;1992,151,29733.0;1992,150,102591.0;1992,206,56000.0;1992,252,153091.0;1992,148,31957.0;1992,147,71253.0;1992,94,166629.0;1992,146,123200.0;1992,145,40326.0;1992,139,77191.0;1992,137,232463.0;1992,136,122220.0;1992,132,151186.0;1992,129,102462.0;1992,125,138632.0;1992,121,62809.0;1992,118,67059.0;1992,117,20140.0;1992,116,103333.0;1992,211,30000.0;1992,115,74000.0;1992,213,140000.0;1992,113,93194.0;1992,109,33284.0;1992,142,92347.0;1992,220,70000.0;1992,105,110870.0;1992,104,109000.0;1992,103,105931.0;1992,261,51429.0;1992,100,68373.0;1992,99,106604.0;1992,98,144483.0;1992,97,104847.0;1992,96,87363.0;1992,93,78500.0;1992,245,52100.0;1992,91,26100.0;1992,229,30968.0;1992,230,64354.0;1992,239,119801.0;1992,232,100000.0;1992,89,21496.0;1992,233,163786.0;1992,87,67800.0;1992,86,101873.0;1992,195,166667.0;1992,82,102564.0;1992,141,88453.0;1992,5396,17644.0;1992,234,144139.0;1992,75,140332.0;1992,3897,39799.0;1992,74,68864.0;1992,235,164638.0;1992,73,35333.0;1992,68,80000.0;1992,64,104021.0;1992,238,85020.0;1992,84,90483.0;1992,255,152795.0;1992,60,61227.0;1992,80,40000.0;1992,355,97570.0;1992,273,80521.0;1992,462,64167.0;1992,463,73576.0;1992,464,17644.0;1992,466,97966.0;1992,290,112573.0;1992,477,99847.0;1992,436,45701.0;1992,295,117703.0;1992,275,132519.0;1993,20,46913.0;1993,21,100000.0;1993,26,90909.0;1993,29,277200.0;1993,31,85054.0;1993,32,84933.0;1993,34,96155.0;1993,37,120628.0;1993,38,118473.0;1993,40,19455.0;1993,41,90068.0;1993,18581,123077.0;1993,42,52339.0;1993,43,131840.0;1993,197,36000.0;1993,174,34472.0;1993,173,47264.0;1993,171,147521.0;1993,34845,147398.0;1993,34979,173144.0;1993,170,101888.0;1993,169,50341.0;1993,168,65638.0;1993,199,233333.0;1993,166,173892.0;1993,143,49475.0;1993,164,30204.0;1993,167,78057.0;1993,200,99481.0;1993,160,67279.0;1993,201,36265.0;1993,259,200000.0;1993,159,24980.0;1993,202,31099.0;1993,253,168788.0;1993,203,178408.0;1993,153,49286.0;1993,151,29767.0;1993,150,112309.0;1993,206,57115.0;1993,252,147500.0;1993,148,31806.0;1993,147,70876.0;1993,94,166629.0;1993,146,117282.0;1993,145,40244.0;1993,139,71080.0;1993,137,230430.0;1993,136,123323.0;1993,132,186649.0;1993,129,102936.0;1993,125,134261.0;1993,121,61250.0;1993,118,67718.0;1993,117,28781.0;1993,116,111111.0;1993,211,27778.0;1993,115,73250.0;1993,284,24229.0;1993,213,172308.0;1993,113,81739.0;1993,109,41681.0;1993,142,91650.0;1993,220,72123.0;1993,105,115556.0;1993,104,116500.0;1993,103,105935.0;1993,261,53962.0;1993,100,84932.0;1993,99,106667.0;1993,98,144480.0;1993,97,103956.0;1993,96,87240.0;1993,93,15017.0;1993,245,47444.0;1993,91,24250.0;1993,229,30910.0;1993,230,62921.0;1993,239,123339.0;1993,232,100000.0;1993,89,27673.0;1993,233,161979.0;1993,87,60125.0;1993,86,81914.0;1993,195,168421.0;1993,82,90703.0;1993,141,93405.0;1993,5396,17818.0;1993,234,135135.0;1993,75,140486.0;1993,3897,54096.0;1993,74,68565.0;1993,235,172973.0;1993,73,34691.0;1993,68,85068.0;1993,64,104000.0;1993,238,94005.0;1993,84,88129.0;1993,255,149499.0;1993,60,62000.0;1993,80,39394.0;1993,355,98559.0;1993,273,81943.0;1993,462,68335.0;1993,463,71807.0;1993,464,17818.0;1993,466,99351.0;1993,290,112995.0;1993,477,106358.0;1993,436,38355.0;1993,295,119117.0;1993,275,132294.0;1993,467,147521.0;1993,470,212992.0;1993,471,124848.0;1993,277,106823.0;1993,478,90459.0;1993,479,173789.0;1993,454,68873.0;1993,34987,73920.0;1993,5398,46351.0;1993,34988,87670.0;1993,34989,68139.0;1993,246,119681.0;1993,19,42295.0;1994,246,90132.0;1994,19,58596.0;1994,20,46123.0;1994,21,100000.0;1994,26,80000.0;1994,29,195466.0;1994,31,74648.0;1994,32,81451.0;1994,34,85664.0;1994,37,132173.0;1994,38,116667.0;1994,40,20000.0;1994,41,87884.0;1994,18581,120806.0;1994,42,65000.0;1994,43,127037.0;1994,197,43333.0;1994,174,30988.0;1994,173,41089.0;1994,171,149290.0;1994,34845,149166.0;1994,34979,173946.0;1994,170,94651.0;1994,169,51597.0;1994,168,76068.0;1994,199,205556.0;1994,166,224490.0;1994,143,50454.0;1994,164,26058.0;1994,167,77226.0;1994,200,97561.0;1994,160,61362.0;1994,201,40870.0;1994,259,201298.0;1994,159,25178.0;1994,202,93367.0;1994,253,131630.0;1994,203,177255.0;1994,153,45814.0;1994,151,29808.0;1994,150,115776.0;1994,206,57692.0;1994,252,132750.0;1994,148,32084.0;1994,147,70505.0;1994,94,164789.0;1994,146,119184.0;1994,145,37500.0;1994,139,67429.0;1994,137,245277.0;1994,136,115946.0;1994,132,195385.0;1994,129,91297.0;1994,125,124823.0;1994,121,61536.0;1994,118,67429.0;1994,117,34660.0;1994,116,112000.0;1994,211,30388.0;1994,115,73436.0;1994,284,25131.0;1994,213,166667.0;1994,113,75260.0;1994,109,36899.0;1994,142,94164.0;1994,220,70956.0;1994,105,112088.0;1994,104,118909.0;1994,103,105928.0;1994,261,53559.0;1994,100,85381.0;1994,99,108571.0;1994,98,144480.0;1994,97,105988.0;1994,96,88808.0;1994,93,157800.0;1994,245,50000.0;1994,91,11778.0;1994,229,30794.0;1994,230,62985.0;1994,239,127896.0;1994,232,100000.0;1994,89,25087.0;1994,233,160213.0;1994,87,58675.0;1994,86,68180.0;1994,195,165759.0;1994,82,100000.0;1994,141,89267.0;1994,5396,18031.0;1994,234,130102.0;1994,75,138068.0;1994,3897,38896.0;1994,74,58795.0;1994,235,129032.0;1994,73,34556.0;1994,68,65000.0;1994,64,103999.0;1994,238,108289.0;1994,84,84406.0;1994,255,144907.0;1994,60,61507.0;1994,80,39876.0;1994,355,98063.0;1994,273,80698.0;1994,462,62149.0;1994,463,73494.0;1994,464,18031.0;1994,466,98927.0;1994,290,121330.0;1994,477,122422.0;1994,436,35700.0;1994,295,127663.0;1994,275,129734.0;1994,467,149290.0;1994,470,226594.0;1994,471,120135.0;1994,277,113225.0;1994,478,105897.0;1994,479,137163.0;1994,454,66601.0;1994,34987,62285.0;1994,5398,44180.0;1994,34988,85842.0;1994,34989,66081.0;1995,467,150953.0;1995,470,233045.0;1995,471,115720.0;1995,277,115680.0;1995,478,110489.0;1995,34752,107273.0;1995,479,137366.0;1995,454,67605.0;1995,34987,70267.0;1995,5398,46917.0;1995,34988,88510.0;1995,34989,67093.0;1995,246,71410.0;1995,19,51000.0;1995,20,44444.0;1995,21,100000.0;1995,26,77028.0;1995,29,177826.0;1995,31,76966.0;1995,32,78369.0;1995,34,90266.0;1995,37,130631.0;1995,38,116769.0;1995,40,20000.0;1995,41,87193.0;1995,18581,118519.0;1995,42,66035.0;1995,43,118667.0;1995,197,45000.0;1995,174,28918.0;1995,173,45000.0;1995,171,150953.0;1995,34845,150864.0;1995,34979,172210.0;1995,170,98583.0;1995,169,53261.0;1995,168,78623.0;1995,199,198245.0;1995,166,119983.0;1995,143,52794.0;1995,164,30060.0;1995,167,81381.0;1995,200,98846.0;1995,160,61259.0;1995,201,36456.0;1995,259,160232.0;1995,159,25157.0;1995,202,137737.0;1995,253,61391.0;1995,203,171429.0;1995,153,47918.0;1995,151,29854.0;1995,150,119924.0;1995,206,59259.0;1995,252,129619.0;1995,148,32084.0;1995,147,70131.0;1995,94,160249.0;1995,146,125357.0;1995,145,39573.0;1995,139,60877.0;1995,137,252775.0;1995,136,116605.0;1995,132,205018.0;1995,129,95560.0;1995,125,121472.0;1995,121,60345.0;1995,118,68867.0;1995,117,34669.0;1995,116,115000.0;1995,211,21250.0;1995,115,74061.0;1995,284,25000.0;1995,213,140000.0;1995,113,109610.0;1995,222,107273.0;1995,109,42395.0;1995,142,93197.0;1995,220,69852.0;1995,105,111957.0;1995,104,129500.0;1995,103,106671.0;1995,261,53859.0;1995,100,91463.0;1995,99,106667.0;1995,98,144480.0;1995,97,105702.0;1995,96,84425.0;1995,93,147500.0;1995,245,74074.0;1995,91,24667.0;1995,229,30748.0;1995,230,62500.0;1995,239,131943.0;1995,232,99473.0;1995,89,31801.0;1995,233,158486.0;1995,87,69680.0;1995,86,60735.0;1995,195,163636.0;1995,82,100000.0;1995,141,90241.0;1995,5396,20000.0;1995,234,140000.0;1995,75,130244.0;1995,3897,39802.0;1995,74,59168.0;1995,235,129630.0;1995,73,34800.0;1995,68,66988.0;1995,64,102066.0;1995,238,99380.0;1995,84,79722.0;1995,255,140695.0;1995,60,61800.0;1995,80,39474.0;1995,355,98583.0;1995,273,82506.0;1995,462,64073.0;1995,463,73846.0;1995,464,20000.0;1995,466,100530.0;1995,290,120620.0;1995,477,95747.0;1995,436,38772.0;1995,295,127000.0;1995,275,126512.0;1996,20,50091.0;1996,21,100000.0;1996,26,75640.0;1996,29,171429.0;1996,31,111228.0;1996,32,87182.0;1996,34,90342.0;1996,37,117588.0;1996,38,115385.0;1996,40,20454.0;1996,41,85779.0;1996,18581,121154.0;1996,42,53582.0;1996,43,115500.0;1996,197,36667.0;1996,174,29228.0;1996,173,45694.0;1996,171,153118.0;1996,34845,152965.0;1996,34979,189226.0;1996,170,101765.0;1996,169,52750.0;1996,168,81266.0;1996,199,176471.0;1996,166,129989.0;1996,143,55621.0;1996,164,32776.0;1996,167,81142.0;1996,200,94737.0;1996,160,55349.0;1996,201,38395.0;1996,259,158831.0;1996,159,25263.0;1996,202,154893.0;1996,253,61391.0;1996,203,183333.0;1996,153,48250.0;1996,151,29905.0;1996,150,120392.0;1996,206,59636.0;1996,252,120417.0;1996,148,31918.0;1996,147,69762.0;1996,94,162308.0;1996,146,115695.0;1996,145,40000.0;1996,139,56323.0;1996,137,238528.0;1996,136,120150.0;1996,132,208699.0;1996,129,111344.0;1996,125,137255.0;1996,121,64998.0;1996,118,67441.0;1996,117,45875.0;1996,116,114286.0;1996,211,48750.0;1996,115,90000.0;1996,284,25000.0;1996,213,140000.0;1996,113,77192.0;1996,222,105946.0;1996,109,47674.0;1996,142,113704.0;1996,220,68794.0;1996,105,113043.0;1996,104,129865.0;1996,103,106646.0;1996,261,54101.0;1996,100,94819.0;1996,99,106667.0;1996,98,138726.0;1996,97,107672.0;1996,96,83680.0;1996,93,154400.0;1996,245,74089.0;1996,91,27580.0;1996,229,30625.0;1996,230,64251.0;1996,239,128776.0;1996,232,100000.0;1996,89,26397.0;1996,233,156796.0;1996,87,58563.0;1996,86,50000.0;1996,195,158333.0;1996,82,100000.0;1996,141,87529.0;1996,5396,19000.0;1996,234,169764.0;1996,75,141581.0;1996,3897,39565.0;1996,74,56909.0;1996,235,130435.0;1996,73,34878.0;1996,68,67015.0;1996,64,101897.0;1996,238,104835.0;1996,84,75011.0;1996,255,136566.0;1996,60,61614.0;1996,80,40481.0;1996,355,97561.0;1996,273,83047.0;1996,462,66427.0;1996,463,73020.0;1996,464,19000.0;1996,466,101136.0;1996,290,109545.0;1996,477,94264.0;1996,436,39300.0;1996,295,116128.0;1996,275,130242.0;1996,467,153118.0;1996,470,220507.0;1996,471,121253.0;1996,277,118455.0;1996,478,115260.0;1996,34752,105946.0;1996,479,137112.0;1996,454,68197.0;1996,34987,67895.0;1996,5398,47835.0;1996,34988,88829.0;1996,34989,68086.0;1996,246,38877.0;1996,19,48077.0;1997,246,63086.0;1997,19,44205.0;1997,20,45451.0;1997,21,100000.0;1997,26,74383.0;1997,29,171053.0;1997,31,145833.0;1997,32,103262.0;1997,34,93749.0;1997,37,128200.0;1997,38,117541.0;1997,40,20511.0;1997,41,86182.0;1997,18581,121210.0;1997,42,76809.0;1997,43,106556.0;1997,197,40000.0;1997,174,30458.0;1997,173,59279.0;1997,171,154379.0;1997,34845,154211.0;1997,34979,184312.0;1997,170,92083.0;1997,169,53936.0;1997,168,82143.0;1997,199,147059.0;1997,166,129994.0;1997,143,66913.0;1997,164,25974.0;1997,167,81140.0;1997,200,98518.0;1997,160,59409.0;1997,201,73053.0;1997,259,131429.0;1997,159,25000.0;1997,202,81548.0;1997,253,61391.0;1997,203,178063.0;1997,153,47956.0;1997,151,29961.0;1997,150,118777.0;1997,206,60714.0;1997,252,112308.0;1997,148,31918.0;1997,147,69393.0;1997,94,158500.0;1997,146,113435.0;1997,145,41700.0;1997,139,49667.0;1997,137,221117.0;1997,136,121718.0;1997,132,188884.0;1997,129,94938.0;1997,125,120794.0;1997,121,65173.0;1997,118,67542.0;1997,117,57249.0;1997,116,123333.0;1997,211,46667.0;1997,115,100000.0;1997,284,25000.0;1997,213,153846.0;1997,113,96021.0;1997,222,105877.0;1997,109,53820.0;1997,142,111519.0;1997,220,67729.0;1997,105,112766.0;1997,104,150581.0;1997,103,118818.0;1997,261,54286.0;1997,100,99940.0;1997,99,106667.0;1997,98,143409.0;1997,97,108554.0;1997,96,84938.0;1997,93,140500.0;1997,245,108333.0;1997,91,24699.0;1997,229,30554.0;1997,230,64401.0;1997,239,127477.0;1997,232,99010.0;1997,89,23356.0;1997,233,155142.0;1997,87,49919.0;1997,195,160000.0;1997,82,100000.0;1997,141,86564.0;1997,5396,18846.0;1997,234,162653.0;1997,75,146973.0;1997,3897,40100.0;1997,74,62338.0;1997,235,131579.0;1997,73,35000.0;1997,68,66988.0;1997,64,85968.0;1997,238,103597.0;1997,84,94473.0;1997,255,132480.0;1997,60,61978.0;1997,80,41026.0;1997,355,101008.0;1997,273,85568.0;1997,462,65723.0;1997,463,72199.0;1997,464,18846.0;1997,466,109442.0;1997,290,116533.0;1997,477,89193.0;1997,436,35588.0;1997,295,124288.0;1997,275,134898.0;1997,467,154379.0;1997,470,207487.0;1997,471,126478.0;1997,277,105024.0;1997,478,99376.0;1997,34752,105877.0;1997,479,136553.0;1997,454,68281.0;1997,34987,72016.0;1997,5398,44330.0;1997,34988,91695.0;1997,34989,68339.0;1998,467,155266.0;1998,470,235723.0;1998,471,124781.0;1998,277,114308.0;1998,478,110511.0;1998,34752,105808.0;1998,479,140339.0;1998,454,69376.0;1998,34987,77829.0;1998,5398,46986.0;1998,34988,89476.0;1998,34989,69746.0;1998,246,70600.0;1998,19,55728.0;1998,20,45535.0;1998,21,100000.0;1998,26,75000.0;1998,29,171429.0;1998,31,106250.0;1998,32,105017.0;1998,34,90868.0;1998,37,123522.0;1998,38,118519.0;1998,40,20658.0;1998,41,88820.0;1998,18581,121331.0;1998,42,81060.0;1998,43,90041.0;1998,197,40000.0;1998,174,30380.0;1998,173,64822.0;1998,171,155266.0;1998,34845,155390.0;1998,34979,121402.0;1998,170,90321.0;1998,169,54063.0;1998,168,82057.0;1998,199,183003.0;1998,166,131356.0;1998,143,72776.0;1998,164,30865.0;1998,167,81140.0;1998,200,98267.0;1998,160,62593.0;1998,201,49242.0;1998,259,131429.0;1998,159,25294.0;1998,202,136843.0;1998,253,61391.0;1998,203,179010.0;1998,153,48776.0;1998,151,29647.0;1998,150,113891.0;1998,206,60784.0;1998,252,92500.0;1998,148,29098.0;1998,147,69024.0;1998,94,152381.0;1998,146,99615.0;1998,145,43000.0;1998,139,46062.0;1998,137,252815.0;1998,136,121925.0;1998,132,191949.0;1998,129,80569.0;1998,125,118426.0;1998,121,65319.0;1998,118,67000.0;1998,117,54939.0;1998,116,141667.0;1998,211,37306.0;1998,115,109509.0;1998,284,25000.0;1998,213,150000.0;1998,113,117046.0;1998,222,105808.0;1998,109,55557.0;1998,142,111480.0;1998,220,66391.0;1998,105,112766.0;1998,104,159723.0;1998,103,107461.0;1998,261,54419.0;1998,100,105707.0;1998,99,106667.0;1998,98,139419.0;1998,97,109191.0;1998,96,80544.0;1998,93,24545.0;1998,245,125000.0;1998,91,24659.0;1998,229,30451.0;1998,230,64488.0;1998,239,126609.0;1998,232,88000.0;1998,89,49527.0;1998,233,153522.0;1998,87,51643.0;1998,195,162049.0;1998,82,100000.0;1998,141,85535.0;1998,5396,18000.0;1998,234,110084.0;1998,75,149280.0;1998,3897,40135.0;1998,74,60595.0;1998,235,133333.0;1998,73,32926.0;1998,68,90000.0;1998,64,70767.0;1998,238,124863.0;1998,84,75304.0;1998,255,128418.0;1998,60,62000.0;1998,80,42308.0;1998,355,98421.0;1998,273,83308.0;1998,462,65369.0;1998,463,73266.0;1998,464,18000.0;1998,466,102791.0;1998,290,113765.0;1998,477,91655.0;1998,436,39365.0;1998,295,120781.0;1998,275,136976.0;1999,20,41432.0;1999,21,100000.0;1999,26,80000.0;1999,29,171875.0;1999,31,86582.0;1999,32,104541.0;1999,34,97631.0;1999,37,132795.0;1999,38,120006.0;1999,40,20860.0;1999,41,88212.0;1999,18581,121320.0;1999,42,163188.0;1999,43,136594.0;1999,197,35000.0;1999,174,29421.0;1999,173,92343.0;1999,171,159747.0;1999,34845,159574.0;1999,34979,186611.0;1999,170,97882.0;1999,169,53676.0;1999,168,90000.0;1999,199,203022.0;1999,166,108134.0;1999,143,77406.0;1999,164,41775.0;1999,167,81140.0;1999,200,95000.0;1999,160,61879.0;1999,201,40000.0;1999,259,124202.0;1999,159,25000.0;1999,202,130820.0;1999,253,61391.0;1999,203,180000.0;1999,153,48963.0;1999,151,29608.0;1999,150,122528.0;1999,206,60501.0;1999,252,102400.0;1999,148,22731.0;1999,147,68660.0;1999,94,157618.0;1999,146,110486.0;1999,145,43333.0;1999,139,40120.0;1999,137,239523.0;1999,136,121763.0;1999,132,190186.0;1999,129,102106.0;1999,125,136538.0;1999,121,65099.0;1999,118,69994.0;1999,117,54563.0;1999,116,150000.0;1999,211,39000.0;1999,115,94328.0;1999,284,25000.0;1999,213,138750.0;1999,113,136634.0;1999,222,105740.0;1999,109,57964.0;1999,142,113940.0;1999,220,70580.0;1999,105,108421.0;1999,104,181890.0;1999,103,95998.0;1999,261,54508.0;1999,100,113808.0;1999,99,109091.0;1999,98,149120.0;1999,97,109259.0;1999,96,84532.0;1999,93,73927.0;1999,245,160000.0;1999,91,26747.0;1999,229,30303.0;1999,230,64610.0;1999,239,125000.0;1999,232,91321.0;1999,89,51000.0;1999,233,151936.0;1999,87,51834.0;1999,86,34878.0;1999,195,161538.0;1999,82,100000.0;1999,141,85460.0;1999,5396,17143.0;1999,234,167798.0;1999,75,154928.0;1999,3897,64444.0;1999,74,60593.0;1999,235,131687.0;1999,73,35143.0;1999,68,130000.0;1999,64,82143.0;1999,238,133237.0;1999,84,79880.0;1999,255,124491.0;1999,60,57107.0;1999,80,42123.0;1999,355,100818.0;1999,273,84583.0;1999,462,73806.0;1999,463,76393.0;1999,464,17143.0;1999,466,96396.0;1999,290,122185.0;1999,477,80861.0;1999,436,45441.0;1999,295,129214.0;1999,275,137673.0;1999,467,159747.0;1999,470,222898.0;1999,471,127895.0;1999,277,114619.0;1999,478,111692.0;1999,34752,105740.0;1999,479,140971.0;1999,454,73841.0;1999,34987,88666.0;1999,5398,53618.0;1999,34988,89833.0;1999,34989,74494.0;1999,246,66667.0;1999,19,59821.0;2000,246,96824.0;2000,19,82992.0;2000,20,45196.0;2000,21,100000.0;2000,26,100000.0;2000,29,172414.0;2000,31,110610.0;2000,32,107118.0;2000,34,99037.0;2000,37,135537.0;2000,38,121429.0;2000,40,21011.0;2000,41,89953.0;2000,18581,121057.0;2000,42,96075.0;2000,43,132992.0;2000,197,33333.0;2000,174,29848.0;2000,173,106913.0;2000,171,159760.0;2000,34845,159664.0;2000,34979,178225.0;2000,170,99939.0;2000,169,53920.0;2000,168,90000.0;2000,199,152808.0;2000,166,116250.0;2000,143,77431.0;2000,164,48704.0;2000,167,81140.0;2000,200,97219.0;2000,160,75316.0;2000,201,34909.0;2000,259,123479.0;2000,159,25421.0;2000,202,124333.0;2000,253,62636.0;2000,203,177257.0;2000,153,49123.0;2000,151,30000.0;2000,150,122812.0;2000,206,62965.0;2000,252,85000.0;2000,148,22705.0;2000,147,68299.0;2000,94,158166.0;2000,146,112135.0;2000,145,43300.0;2000,139,39900.0;2000,137,269087.0;2000,136,125305.0;2000,132,181048.0;2000,129,69454.0;2000,125,97260.0;2000,121,65746.0;2000,118,70036.0;2000,117,154605.0;2000,116,141176.0;2000,211,20714.0;2000,115,115886.0;2000,284,24853.0;2000,213,151000.0;2000,113,113284.0;2000,222,105673.0;2000,109,57911.0;2000,142,100728.0;2000,220,70353.0;2000,105,108333.0;2000,104,232169.0;2000,103,97000.0;2000,261,54516.0;2000,100,130173.0;2000,99,109091.0;2000,98,134763.0;2000,97,109285.0;2000,96,83998.0;2000,93,82240.0;2000,245,175000.0;2000,91,68153.0;2000,229,30266.0;2000,230,64307.0;2000,239,126683.0;2000,232,90237.0;2000,89,48883.0;2000,233,150382.0;2000,87,67627.0;2000,86,34936.0;2000,195,164286.0;2000,82,100000.0;2000,141,84330.0;2000,5396,17391.0;2000,234,158385.0;2000,75,168570.0;2000,3897,47619.0;2000,74,56535.0;2000,235,129571.0;2000,73,34826.0;2000,68,123840.0;2000,64,65976.0;2000,238,125644.0;2000,84,83598.0;2000,255,120612.0;2000,60,49409.0;2000,80,43750.0;2000,355,103838.0;2000,273,86583.0;2000,462,76123.0;2000,463,80394.0;2000,464,17391.0;2000,466,97284.0;2000,290,123232.0;2000,477,79395.0;2000,436,49478.0;2000,295,129635.0;2000,275,145272.0;2000,467,159760.0;2000,470,247506.0;2000,471,135199.0;2000,277,113104.0;2000,478,111173.0;2000,34752,105673.0;2000,479,138360.0;2000,454,77112.0;2000,34987,99304.0;2000,5398,56442.0;2000,34988,91199.0;2000,34989,77232.0;2001,467,160559.0;2001,470,249344.0;2001,471,140899.0;2001,277,109817.0;2001,478,107363.0;2001,34752,105608.0;2001,479,141499.0;2001,454,82134.0;2001,34987,106026.0;2001,5398,56778.0;2001,34988,93589.0;2001,34989,81830.0;2001,246,91926.0;2001,19,94072.0;2001,20,44770.0;2001,21,100000.0;2001,26,102308.0;2001,29,172000.0;2001,31,140348.0;2001,32,112622.0;2001,34,96943.0;2001,37,135421.0;2001,38,120764.0;2001,40,21324.0;2001,41,89591.0;2001,18581,123141.0;2001,42,104681.0;2001,43,81918.0;2001,197,32671.0;2001,174,30390.0;2001,173,114779.0;2001,171,160559.0;2001,34845,160417.0;2001,34979,188519.0;2001,170,104108.0;2001,169,54128.0;2001,168,90000.0;2001,199,250000.0;2001,166,110543.0;2001,143,77457.0;2001,164,51221.0;2001,167,81140.0;2001,200,96786.0;2001,160,69766.0;2001,201,38000.0;2001,259,124794.0;2001,159,25571.0;2001,202,126902.0;2001,253,62176.0;2001,203,178261.0;2001,153,49264.0;2001,151,29921.0;2001,150,123436.0;2001,206,62852.0;2001,252,102000.0;2001,148,32000.0;2001,147,69892.0;2001,94,154545.0;2001,146,111273.0;2001,145,44613.0;2001,139,39716.0;2001,137,266998.0;2001,136,129407.0;2001,132,188566.0;2001,129,77681.0;2001,125,40994.0;2001,121,66207.0;2001,118,71320.0;2001,117,169416.0;2001,116,157143.0;2001,211,45000.0;2001,115,89909.0;2001,284,24647.0;2001,213,143077.0;2001,113,153208.0;2001,222,105608.0;2001,109,71627.0;2001,142,106851.0;2001,220,70116.0;2001,105,123077.0;2001,104,210273.0;2001,103,96012.0;2001,261,54552.0;2001,100,129367.0;2001,99,104167.0;2001,98,146786.0;2001,97,107528.0;2001,96,79355.0;2001,93,84084.0;2001,245,227273.0;2001,91,57907.0;2001,229,30234.0;2001,230,64594.0;2001,239,128493.0;2001,232,96774.0;2001,89,49613.0;2001,233,148858.0;2001,87,72667.0;2001,86,28517.0;2001,195,163212.0;2001,82,88235.0;2001,141,85560.0;2001,5396,17586.0;2001,234,197585.0;2001,75,175324.0;2001,3897,40047.0;2001,74,62332.0;2001,235,128143.0;2001,73,35733.0;2001,68,135000.0;2001,64,65613.0;2001,238,127624.0;2001,84,120055.0;2001,255,116839.0;2001,60,53213.0;2001,80,42639.0;2001,355,106811.0;2001,273,88945.0;2001,462,83609.0;2001,463,80306.0;2001,464,17586.0;2001,466,97569.0;2001,290,124546.0;2001,477,97610.0;2001,436,50972.0;2001,295,131069.0;2001,275,151151.0;2002,20,45000.0;2002,21,100000.0;2002,26,100000.0;2002,29,165417.0;2002,31,136364.0;2002,32,92667.0;2002,34,98214.0;2002,37,137683.0;2002,38,120000.0;2002,40,21495.0;2002,41,91456.0;2002,18581,122940.0;2002,42,63272.0;2002,43,76626.0;2002,197,32277.0;2002,174,30620.0;2002,173,112487.0;2002,171,159414.0;2002,34845,159181.0;2002,34979,207243.0;2002,170,103100.0;2002,169,54618.0;2002,168,90000.0;2002,199,246288.0;2002,166,79808.0;2002,143,77482.0;2002,164,54976.0;2002,167,81140.0;2002,200,96620.0;2002,160,70097.0;2002,201,40153.0;2002,259,128120.0;2002,159,25745.0;2002,202,138107.0;2002,253,61176.0;2002,203,180000.0;2002,153,49390.0;2002,151,30019.0;2002,150,122489.0;2002,206,62407.0;2002,252,107690.0;2002,148,31972.0;2002,147,71520.0;2002,94,157611.0;2002,146,108378.0;2002,145,44000.0;2002,139,34738.0;2002,137,272746.0;2002,136,132491.0;2002,132,188575.0;2002,129,73441.0;2002,125,70815.0;2002,121,66259.0;2002,118,67157.0;2002,117,149635.0;2002,116,172414.0;2002,211,41667.0;2002,115,115892.0;2002,284,24695.0;2002,213,107692.0;2002,113,150988.0;2002,222,105545.0;2002,109,58103.0;2002,142,115629.0;2002,220,69939.0;2002,105,107928.0;2002,104,202833.0;2002,103,99013.0;2002,261,54584.0;2002,100,120731.0;2002,99,104167.0;2002,98,171609.0;2002,97,107337.0;2002,96,78304.0;2002,93,91572.0;2002,245,204167.0;2002,91,79036.0;2002,229,30189.0;2002,230,63636.0;2002,239,130330.0;2002,232,94189.0;2002,89,49963.0;2002,233,148745.0;2002,87,79909.0;2002,86,29997.0;2002,195,166667.0;2002,82,93551.0;2002,141,85284.0;2002,5396,17458.0;2002,234,187244.0;2002,75,170694.0;2002,3897,35714.0;2002,74,57004.0;2002,235,125187.0;2002,73,34714.0;2002,68,135000.0;2002,64,78395.0;2002,238,124694.0;2002,84,131691.0;2002,255,113259.0;2002,60,55384.0;2002,80,42739.0;2002,355,107052.0;2002,273,88961.0;2002,462,78526.0;2002,463,83029.0;2002,464,17458.0;2002,466,98694.0;2002,290,129859.0;2002,477,85331.0;2002,436,52004.0;2002,295,135810.0;2002,275,150927.0;2002,467,159414.0;2002,470,254090.0;2002,471,140640.0;2002,277,112226.0;2002,478,110410.0;2002,34752,105545.0;2002,479,137986.0;2002,454,80468.0;2002,34987,108217.0;2002,5398,58336.0;2002,34988,92421.0;2002,34989,80411.0;2002,246,91782.0;2002,19,110071.0;2003,246,30000.0;2003,19,95667.0;2003,20,40000.0;2003,21,100000.0;2003,26,101078.0;2003,29,171667.0;2003,31,148193.0;2003,32,128409.0;2003,34,99857.0;2003,37,134436.0;2003,38,123087.0;2003,40,21675.0;2003,41,85034.0;2003,18581,122719.0;2003,42,132054.0;2003,43,71193.0;2003,197,31725.0;2003,174,31350.0;2003,173,129820.0;2003,171,160164.0;2003,34845,160000.0;2003,34979,219080.0;2003,170,106500.0;2003,169,55238.0;2003,168,91435.0;2003,199,250000.0;2003,166,109769.0;2003,143,77507.0;2003,164,71500.0;2003,167,81140.0;2003,200,95238.0;2003,160,73110.0;2003,201,39938.0;2003,259,123542.0;2003,159,25979.0;2003,202,122239.0;2003,253,60396.0;2003,203,179167.0;2003,153,49594.0;2003,151,30238.0;2003,150,126850.0;2003,206,63423.0;2003,252,112500.0;2003,148,31207.0;2003,147,73187.0;2003,94,152000.0;2003,146,111861.0;2003,145,43709.0;2003,139,32648.0;2003,137,262135.0;2003,136,148841.0;2003,132,192071.0;2003,129,79015.0;2003,125,58478.0;2003,121,65333.0;2003,118,56466.0;2003,117,157453.0;2003,116,202174.0;2003,211,30987.0;2003,115,115238.0;2003,284,25000.0;2003,213,144444.0;2003,113,131261.0;2003,222,105497.0;2003,109,58816.0;2003,142,112464.0;2003,220,70577.0;2003,105,106042.0;2003,104,178971.0;2003,103,104023.0;2003,261,55210.0;2003,100,136389.0;2003,99,100000.0;2003,98,164173.0;2003,97,108707.0;2003,96,77540.0;2003,93,92000.0;2003,245,173913.0;2003,91,74775.0;2003,229,30137.0;2003,230,65000.0;2003,239,133355.0;2003,232,98413.0;2003,89,50393.0;2003,233,149465.0;2003,87,70372.0;2003,86,24641.0;2003,195,167133.0;2003,82,95226.0;2003,141,87078.0;2003,5396,17333.0;2003,234,211700.0;2003,75,192962.0;2003,3897,41525.0;2003,74,58586.0;2003,235,126770.0;2003,73,18561.0;2003,68,134568.0;2003,64,45737.0;2003,238,119374.0;2003,84,142751.0;2003,255,106931.0;2003,60,58000.0;2003,80,41860.0;2003,355,107649.0;2003,273,87645.0;2003,462,69269.0;2003,463,80624.0;2003,464,17333.0;2003,466,102972.0;2003,290,127084.0;2003,477,90457.0;2003,436,61344.0;2003,295,133198.0;2003,275,163853.0;2003,467,160164.0;2003,470,242394.0;2003,471,157854.0;2003,277,107003.0;2003,478,104650.0;2003,34752,105497.0;2003,479,133900.0;2003,454,76197.0;2003,34987,108954.0;2003,5398,65397.0;2003,34988,90764.0;2003,34989,76683.0;2004,467,155255.0;2004,470,253727.0;2004,471,165252.0;2004,277,115936.0;2004,478,114916.0;2004,34752,105464.0;2004,479,136551.0;2004,454,78933.0;2004,34987,111790.0;2004,5398,60659.0;2004,34988,92407.0;2004,34989,79230.0;2004,246,66667.0;2004,19,125605.0;2004,20,41667.0;2004,21,100000.0;2004,26,103333.0;2004,29,317000.0;2004,31,167746.0;2004,32,130502.0;2004,34,101125.0;2004,37,136343.0;2004,38,125873.0;2004,40,22390.0;2004,41,80828.0;2004,18581,122468.0;2004,42,160861.0;2004,43,66145.0;2004,197,33333.0;2004,174,29768.0;2004,173,92555.0;2004,171,155255.0;2004,34845,155102.0;2004,34979,204081.0;2004,170,108559.0;2004,169,55238.0;2004,168,91392.0;2004,199,269616.0;2004,166,114777.0;2004,143,76980.0;2004,164,59900.0;2004,167,81140.0;2004,200,97822.0;2004,160,71406.0;2004,201,39602.0;2004,259,100819.0;2004,159,26140.0;2004,202,167508.0;2004,253,59099.0;2004,203,180234.0;2004,153,49882.0;2004,151,30577.0;2004,150,124228.0;2004,206,64126.0;2004,252,120000.0;2004,148,30896.0;2004,147,74892.0;2004,94,145568.0;2004,146,109824.0;2004,145,44737.0;2004,139,38661.0;2004,137,270436.0;2004,136,154679.0;2004,132,184154.0;2004,129,111000.0;2004,125,68098.0;2004,121,65002.0;2004,118,55178.0;2004,117,161644.0;2004,116,202500.0;2004,211,24182.0;2004,115,178976.0;2004,284,24960.0;2004,213,187500.0;2004,113,141677.0;2004,222,105464.0;2004,109,60017.0;2004,142,152626.0;2004,220,70003.0;2004,105,79485.0;2004,104,168413.0;2004,103,110011.0;2004,261,55181.0;2004,100,119478.0;2004,99,100000.0;2004,98,179739.0;2004,97,110717.0;2004,96,79732.0;2004,93,92000.0;2004,245,158900.0;2004,91,57198.0;2004,229,30075.0;2004,230,65455.0;2004,239,135955.0;2004,232,93500.0;2004,89,67374.0;2004,233,147611.0;2004,87,69695.0;2004,86,34956.0;2004,195,168966.0;2004,82,95426.0;2004,141,95411.0;2004,5396,17557.0;2004,234,204878.0;2004,75,202778.0;2004,3897,39217.0;2004,74,58369.0;2004,235,127043.0;2004,73,46748.0;2004,68,135135.0;2004,64,46559.0;2004,238,117403.0;2004,84,149786.0;2004,255,106818.0;2004,60,58000.0;2004,80,43678.0;2004,355,111523.0;2004,273,90600.0;2004,462,70339.0;2004,463,85641.0;2004,464,17557.0;2004,466,106367.0;2004,290,129753.0;2004,477,79668.0;2004,436,55741.0;2004,295,137002.0;2004,275,170763.0;2005,19,117628.0;2005,20,44297.0;2005,21,100000.0;2005,26,107167.0;2005,29,207900.0;2005,31,180000.0;2005,32,128648.0;2005,34,101876.0;2005,37,136059.0;2005,38,127995.0;2005,40,21936.0;2005,41,75230.0;2005,18581,122367.0;2005,42,178690.0;2005,43,105771.0;2005,197,30522.0;2005,174,29774.0;2005,173,113227.0;2005,171,154001.0;2005,34845,153846.0;2005,34979,207156.0;2005,170,106912.0;2005,169,55140.0;2005,168,91582.0;2005,199,244925.0;2005,166,54320.0;2005,143,80485.0;2005,164,54601.0;2005,167,81140.0;2005,200,98342.0;2005,160,66559.0;2005,201,44199.0;2005,259,125043.0;2005,159,27196.0;2005,202,136525.0;2005,253,58184.0;2005,203,180572.0;2005,153,50168.0;2005,151,30919.0;2005,150,127560.0;2005,206,65129.0;2005,252,120000.0;2005,148,31904.0;2005,147,76636.0;2005,94,145208.0;2005,146,108378.0;2005,145,43956.0;2005,139,40000.0;2005,137,304978.0;2005,136,159224.0;2005,132,176320.0;2005,129,91009.0;2005,125,75831.0;2005,121,64257.0;2005,118,76239.0;2005,117,142995.0;2005,116,222857.0;2005,211,23200.0;2005,115,146798.0;2005,284,23000.0;2005,213,147143.0;2005,113,126099.0;2005,222,105436.0;2005,109,43155.0;2005,142,127301.0;2005,220,69425.0;2005,105,88416.0;2005,104,159467.0;2005,103,109902.0;2005,261,55204.0;2005,100,118296.0;2005,99,100000.0;2005,98,165000.0;2005,97,108392.0;2005,96,81919.0;2005,93,93061.0;2005,245,142857.0;2005,91,67561.0;2005,229,30013.0;2005,230,64982.0;2005,239,132920.0;2005,232,98438.0;2005,89,108098.0;2005,233,139107.0;2005,87,63700.0;2005,86,31071.0;2005,195,167501.0;2005,82,95738.0;2005,141,95186.0;2005,5396,17213.0;2005,234,197619.0;2005,75,171803.0;2005,3897,39290.0;2005,74,59768.0;2005,235,127260.0;2005,73,30196.0;2005,68,144083.0;2005,64,61113.0;2005,238,113198.0;2005,84,157843.0;2005,255,103723.0;2005,60,58667.0;2005,80,43402.0;2005,355,111340.0;2005,273,92185.0;2005,462,70686.0;2005,463,88402.0;2005,464,17213.0;2005,466,107716.0;2005,290,126703.0;2005,477,67967.0;2005,436,51553.0;2005,295,134503.0;2005,275,167199.0;2005,467,154001.0;2005,470,286606.0;2005,471,157330.0;2005,277,110613.0;2005,478,108965.0;2005,34752,105436.0;2005,479,136205.0;2005,454,79439.0;2005,34987,109025.0;2005,5398,57031.0;2005,34988,95487.0;2005,34989,79526.0;2005,246,79943.0;2006,246,76774.0;2006,19,117201.0;2006,20,40000.0;2006,21,100000.0;2006,26,106250.0;2006,29,187500.0;2006,31,140588.0;2006,32,145531.0;2006,34,101910.0;2006,37,140463.0;2006,38,138335.0;2006,40,21303.0;2006,41,87864.0;2006,18581,116667.0;2006,42,226532.0;2006,43,107548.0;2006,197,33237.0;2006,174,29791.0;2006,173,56766.0;2006,171,162365.0;2006,34845,162264.0;2006,34979,202938.0;2006,170,103639.0;2006,169,55046.0;2006,168,93191.0;2006,199,246262.0;2006,166,56457.0;2006,143,73898.0;2006,164,56499.0;2006,167,79843.0;2006,200,98665.0;2006,160,72182.0;2006,201,34279.0;2006,259,125016.0;2006,159,28396.0;2006,202,125053.0;2006,253,55676.0;2006,203,180892.0;2006,153,51087.0;2006,151,31263.0;2006,150,122000.0;2006,206,66058.0;2006,252,109677.0;2006,148,32000.0;2006,147,78422.0;2006,94,114286.0;2006,146,110214.0;2006,145,44079.0;2006,139,40196.0;2006,137,321132.0;2006,136,162829.0;2006,132,186213.0;2006,129,95856.0;2006,125,103371.0;2006,121,60241.0;2006,118,76035.0;2006,117,173116.0;2006,116,233333.0;2006,211,20000.0;2006,115,180178.0;2006,284,24435.0;2006,213,164286.0;2006,113,137648.0;2006,222,105414.0;2006,109,63907.0;2006,142,131875.0;2006,220,68815.0;2006,105,95455.0;2006,104,150217.0;2006,103,120003.0;2006,261,61713.0;2006,100,165565.0;2006,99,100000.0;2006,98,160000.0;2006,97,111287.0;2006,96,85877.0;2006,93,96000.0;2006,245,133333.0;2006,91,64378.0;2006,229,30450.0;2006,230,65027.0;2006,239,124000.0;2006,232,80000.0;2006,89,62084.0;2006,233,139828.0;2006,87,63700.0;2006,195,166845.0;2006,82,96471.0;2006,141,95959.0;2006,5396,17333.0;2006,234,200000.0;2006,75,210910.0;2006,3897,40367.0;2006,74,56183.0;2006,235,126667.0;2006,73,42386.0;2006,68,129974.0;2006,64,62006.0;2006,238,117444.0;2006,84,163773.0;2006,255,102083.0;2006,60,57917.0;2006,80,43755.0;2006,355,118541.0;2006,273,96539.0;2006,462,78454.0;2006,463,86789.0;2006,464,17333.0;2006,466,112757.0;2006,290,130333.0;2006,477,70440.0;2006,436,52695.0;2006,295,137027.0;2006,275,183865.0;2006,467,162365.0;2006,470,301335.0;2006,471,175599.0;2006,277,107399.0;2006,478,105381.0;2006,34752,105414.0;2006,479,136313.0;2006,454,83602.0;2006,34987,106197.0;2006,5398,58662.0;2006,34988,100446.0;2006,34989,83402.0;2007,467,162394.0;2007,470,303969.0;2007,471,184866.0;2007,277,100853.0;2007,478,98708.0;2007,34752,100000.0;2007,479,135182.0;2007,454,83434.0;2007,34987,107519.0;2007,5398,60623.0;2007,34988,98592.0;2007,34989,83179.0;2007,246,68182.0;2007,19,115387.0;2007,20,44298.0;2007,21,100000.0;2007,26,105556.0;2007,29,179200.0;2007,31,172105.0;2007,32,152774.0;2007,34,98435.0;2007,37,140099.0;2007,38,142922.0;2007,40,23030.0;2007,41,87275.0;2007,18581,118750.0;2007,42,205093.0;2007,43,140000.0;2007,197,33333.0;2007,174,30000.0;2007,173,49260.0;2007,171,162394.0;2007,34845,162313.0;2007,34979,199534.0;2007,170,108337.0;2007,169,55357.0;2007,168,95008.0;2007,199,250000.0;2007,166,82212.0;2007,143,73000.0;2007,164,66063.0;2007,167,81140.0;2007,200,109355.0;2007,160,75592.0;2007,201,45107.0;2007,259,128870.0;2007,159,28314.0;2007,202,95980.0;2007,253,52100.0;2007,203,181301.0;2007,153,51064.0;2007,151,30000.0;2007,150,127640.0;2007,206,67457.0;2007,252,120000.0;2007,148,31923.0;2007,147,80249.0;2007,94,101704.0;2007,146,109103.0;2007,145,44118.0;2007,139,51254.0;2007,137,322204.0;2007,136,166362.0;2007,132,186683.0;2007,129,74185.0;2007,125,211911.0;2007,121,67949.0;2007,118,75811.0;2007,117,187722.0;2007,116,161565.0;2007,211,20000.0;2007,115,162236.0;2007,284,24714.0;2007,213,141176.0;2007,113,122745.0;2007,222,100000.0;2007,109,49902.0;2007,142,134286.0;2007,220,70732.0;2007,105,95833.0;2007,104,151563.0;2007,103,112026.0;2007,261,50000.0;2007,100,149958.0;2007,99,100000.0;2007,98,160000.0;2007,97,111848.0;2007,96,89258.0;2007,93,83333.0;2007,245,115833.0;2007,91,54550.0;2007,229,30294.0;2007,230,64167.0;2007,239,123333.0;2007,232,68182.0;2007,89,50338.0;2007,233,149920.0;2007,87,63700.0;2007,86,41570.0;2007,195,166667.0;2007,82,95687.0;2007,141,97487.0;2007,5396,17485.0;2007,234,254710.0;2007,75,229223.0;2007,3897,39999.0;2007,74,61007.0;2007,235,125974.0;2007,73,32481.0;2007,68,128834.0;2007,64,66733.0;2007,238,118836.0;2007,84,165344.0;2007,255,102000.0;2007,60,57917.0;2007,80,43146.0;2007,355,119305.0;2007,273,94672.0;2007,462,75743.0;2007,463,89505.0;2007,464,17485.0;2007,466,107977.0;2007,290,131228.0;2007,477,81455.0;2007,436,54988.0;2007,295,137257.0;2007,275,192030.0;2008,19,148084.0;2008,20,45635.0;2008,21,100000.0;2008,26,139524.0;2008,29,193649.0;2008,31,132174.0;2008,32,118439.0;2008,34,98283.0;2008,37,141371.0;2008,38,147316.0;2008,40,19037.0;2008,41,64718.0;2008,18581,120712.0;2008,42,204298.0;2008,43,140000.0;2008,197,28013.0;2008,174,30000.0;2008,173,52179.0;2008,171,163042.0;2008,34845,162963.0;2008,34979,213602.0;2008,170,109215.0;2008,169,55652.0;2008,168,99692.0;2008,199,258832.0;2008,166,119685.0;2008,143,76884.0;2008,164,64582.0;2008,167,81108.0;2008,200,97257.0;2008,160,75614.0;2008,201,51231.0;2008,259,128900.0;2008,159,28627.0;2008,202,90204.0;2008,253,52100.0;2008,203,181674.0;2008,153,50701.0;2008,151,32769.0;2008,150,135145.0;2008,206,68548.0;2008,252,150000.0;2008,148,31289.0;2008,147,75231.0;2008,94,110018.0;2008,146,103175.0;2008,145,43939.0;2008,139,57405.0;2008,137,335407.0;2008,136,180950.0;2008,132,185993.0;2008,129,137358.0;2008,125,174705.0;2008,121,68919.0;2008,118,76713.0;2008,117,190760.0;2008,116,152025.0;2008,211,20000.0;2008,115,157540.0;2008,284,24569.0;2008,213,136364.0;2008,113,143579.0;2008,222,105786.0;2008,109,42519.0;2008,142,132851.0;2008,220,66810.0;2008,105,80701.0;2008,104,138955.0;2008,103,118004.0;2008,261,54174.0;2008,100,194023.0;2008,99,100000.0;2008,98,129971.0;2008,97,113363.0;2008,96,91732.0;2008,93,88484.0;2008,245,115833.0;2008,91,103117.0;2008,229,30556.0;2008,230,65631.0;2008,239,125855.0;2008,232,46429.0;2008,89,81345.0;2008,233,141271.0;2008,87,61915.0;2008,86,65116.0;2008,195,168750.0;2008,82,95645.0;2008,141,100556.0;2008,5396,17614.0;2008,234,251652.0;2008,75,212548.0;2008,3897,35511.0;2008,74,60518.0;2008,235,132251.0;2008,73,50238.0;2008,68,72252.0;2008,64,64368.0;2008,238,133451.0;2008,84,168049.0;2008,255,106288.0;2008,60,57834.0;2008,80,44997.0;2008,355,120849.0;2008,273,96389.0;2008,462,69935.0;2008,463,95575.0;2008,464,17614.0;2008,466,111602.0;2008,290,129338.0;2008,477,85418.0;2008,436,53890.0;2008,295,135200.0;2008,275,193058.0;2008,467,163042.0;2008,470,316279.0;2008,471,184730.0;2008,277,99785.0;2008,478,97066.0;2008,34752,105786.0;2008,479,140339.0;2008,454,83042.0;2008,34987,88696.0;2008,5398,59455.0;2008,34988,99355.0;2008,34989,83492.0;2008,246,64651.0;2009,246,62014.0;2009,19,151759.0;2009,20,46639.0;2009,21,101695.0;2009,26,181027.0;2009,29,200292.0;2009,31,131200.0;2009,32,147157.0;2009,34,86426.0;2009,37,138613.0;2009,38,151796.0;2009,40,17429.0;2009,41,41867.0;2009,18581,119697.0;2009,42,218137.0;2009,43,139528.0;2009,197,28988.0;2009,174,30000.0;2009,173,39423.0;2009,171,163682.0;2009,34845,163636.0;2009,34979,204026.0;2009,170,106899.0;2009,169,55085.0;2009,168,98480.0;2009,199,262570.0;2009,166,117345.0;2009,143,66774.0;2009,164,53000.0;2009,167,81248.0;2009,200,93659.0;2009,160,77183.0;2009,201,31191.0;2009,259,125022.0;2009,159,28978.0;2009,202,106228.0;2009,253,52000.0;2009,203,182245.0;2009,153,51171.0;2009,151,33927.0;2009,150,138074.0;2009,206,70491.0;2009,252,163290.0;2009,148,31401.0;2009,147,84899.0;2009,94,104568.0;2009,146,109231.0;2009,145,44423.0;2009,139,65876.0;2009,137,343433.0;2009,136,187461.0;2009,132,186352.0;2009,129,116431.0;2009,125,147075.0;2009,121,78358.0;2009,118,75058.0;2009,117,202912.0;2009,116,222790.0;2009,211,20000.0;2009,115,180749.0;2009,284,24148.0;2009,213,146667.0;2009,113,143440.0;2009,222,106189.0;2009,109,45215.0;2009,142,137954.0;2009,220,65053.0;2009,105,87123.0;2009,104,168956.0;2009,103,117679.0;2009,261,54589.0;2009,100,158086.0;2009,99,100000.0;2009,98,145000.0;2009,97,116481.0;2009,96,94646.0;2009,93,91366.0;2009,245,115833.0;2009,91,112077.0;2009,229,28078.0;2009,230,65869.0;2009,239,127593.0;2009,232,50000.0;2009,89,81909.0;2009,233,142031.0;2009,87,78400.0;2009,86,47138.0;2009,195,170588.0;2009,82,95713.0;2009,141,116401.0;2009,5396,17600.0;2009,234,276831.0;2009,75,226781.0;2009,3897,34677.0;2009,74,62447.0;2009,235,135897.0;2009,73,25626.0;2009,68,71829.0;2009,64,54712.0;2009,238,140460.0;2009,84,167989.0;2009,255,110890.0;2009,60,58043.0;2009,80,44743.0;2009,355,121347.0;2009,273,94755.0;2009,462,65902.0;2009,463,98952.0;2009,464,17600.0;2009,466,113715.0;2009,290,126893.0;2009,477,95174.0;2009,436,51592.0;2009,295,133333.0;2009,275,202105.0;2009,467,163682.0;2009,470,325610.0;2009,471,194276.0;2009,277,103886.0;2009,478,101273.0;2009,34752,106189.0;2009,479,143646.0;2009,454,83406.0;2009,34987,89014.0;2009,5398,56725.0;2009,34988,97002.0;2009,34989,83329.0;2010,467,163788.0;2010,470,326722.0;2010,471,185568.0;2010,277,105570.0;2010,478,103168.0;2010,34752,106612.0;2010,479,146881.0;2010,454,89258.0;2010,34987,88464.0;2010,5398,58947.0;2010,34988,101653.0;2010,34989,88172.0;2010,246,59173.0;2010,19,155782.0;2010,20,47601.0;2010,21,101000.0;2010,26,221795.0;2010,29,202450.0;2010,31,148761.0;2010,32,120553.0;2010,34,87739.0;2010,37,139499.0;2010,38,156095.0;2010,40,15638.0;2010,41,45590.0;2010,18581,125367.0;2010,42,209953.0;2010,43,140636.0;2010,197,29252.0;2010,174,28175.0;2010,173,53753.0;2010,171,163788.0;2010,34845,163669.0;2010,34979,208977.0;2010,170,106094.0;2010,169,56694.0;2010,168,99249.0;2010,199,256306.0;2010,166,128861.0;2010,143,66000.0;2010,164,55615.0;2010,167,80947.0;2010,200,90145.0;2010,160,85092.0;2010,201,32033.0;2010,259,124843.0;2010,159,29308.0;2010,202,114915.0;2010,253,52000.0;2010,203,182665.0;2010,153,48261.0;2010,151,35085.0;2010,150,154330.0;2010,206,72022.0;2010,252,135026.0;2010,148,31930.0;2010,147,84900.0;2010,94,101724.0;2010,146,106800.0;2010,145,44676.0;2010,139,63483.0;2010,137,347555.0;2010,136,202174.0;2010,132,185271.0;2010,129,52521.0;2010,125,250797.0;2010,121,80202.0;2010,118,74144.0;2010,117,204311.0;2010,116,134298.0;2010,211,18753.0;2010,115,153919.0;2010,284,24266.0;2010,213,127750.0;2010,113,131579.0;2010,222,106612.0;2010,109,77638.0;2010,142,134952.0;2010,220,63284.0;2010,105,88492.0;2010,104,166478.0;2010,103,122155.0;2010,261,55282.0;2010,100,119303.0;2010,99,99671.0;2010,98,147852.0;2010,97,117650.0;2010,96,96564.0;2010,93,90412.0;2010,245,101021.0;2010,91,120430.0;2010,229,26154.0;2010,230,66115.0;2010,239,136667.0;2010,232,51518.0;2010,89,71902.0;2010,233,152267.0;2010,87,82300.0;2010,86,65691.0;2010,195,168571.0;2010,82,96069.0;2010,141,120631.0;2010,5396,17605.0;2010,234,252560.0;2010,75,188332.0;2010,3897,45518.0;2010,74,61679.0;2010,235,139597.0;2010,73,30428.0;2010,68,61762.0;2010,64,52096.0;2010,238,129007.0;2010,84,172602.0;2010,255,115655.0;2010,60,57995.0;2010,80,45145.0;2010,355,122340.0;2010,273,100527.0;2010,462,75191.0;2010,463,100314.0;2010,464,17605.0;2010,466,117758.0;2010,290,126911.0;2010,477,94520.0;2010,436,53289.0;2010,295,134360.0;2010,275,193298.0;2011,19,133649.0;2011,20,48582.0;2011,21,100000.0;2011,26,225128.0;2011,29,203452.0;2011,31,158500.0;2011,32,173770.0;2011,34,87930.0;2011,37,146230.0;2011,38,159999.0;2011,40,13548.0;2011,41,45188.0;2011,18581,152302.0;2011,42,217414.0;2011,43,145720.0;2011,197,29017.0;2011,174,28132.0;2011,173,132047.0;2011,171,163786.0;2011,34845,163636.0;2011,34979,234425.0;2011,170,107039.0;2011,169,58831.0;2011,168,101798.0;2011,199,271671.0;2011,166,165339.0;2011,143,66900.0;2011,164,59763.0;2011,167,81128.0;2011,200,86798.0;2011,160,78686.0;2011,201,28346.0;2011,259,145719.0;2011,159,30000.0;2011,202,110795.0;2011,253,52000.0;2011,203,182990.0;2011,153,44881.0;2011,151,36239.0;2011,150,160124.0;2011,206,74725.0;2011,252,141130.0;2011,148,32186.0;2011,147,84900.0;2011,94,100759.0;2011,146,95857.0;2011,145,43829.0;2011,139,77259.0;2011,137,364770.0;2011,136,202955.0;2011,132,188896.0;2011,129,112309.0;2011,125,238699.0;2011,121,79429.0;2011,118,74136.0;2011,117,215408.0;2011,116,127912.0;2011,211,18364.0;2011,115,266296.0;2011,284,24286.0;2011,213,119231.0;2011,113,127352.0;2011,222,107062.0;2011,109,78029.0;2011,142,129100.0;2011,220,61530.0;2011,105,78727.0;2011,104,166376.0;2011,103,112108.0;2011,261,56303.0;2011,100,142120.0;2011,99,99294.0;2011,98,135323.0;2011,97,118328.0;2011,96,99879.0;2011,93,90001.0;2011,245,102198.0;2011,91,122765.0;2011,229,24194.0;2011,230,66637.0;2011,239,123205.0;2011,232,54889.0;2011,89,74922.0;2011,233,125000.0;2011,87,82300.0;2011,86,51527.0;2011,195,168539.0;2011,82,96319.0;2011,141,120967.0;2011,5396,17610.0;2011,234,228356.0;2011,75,192995.0;2011,3897,38377.0;2011,74,65603.0;2011,235,143602.0;2011,73,37699.0;2011,68,49192.0;2011,64,62808.0;2011,238,129505.0;2011,84,177327.0;2011,255,120526.0;2011,60,57744.0;2011,80,45512.0;2011,355,122983.0;2011,273,99815.0;2011,462,78120.0;2011,463,97919.0;2011,464,17610.0;2011,466,114254.0;2011,290,131344.0;2011,477,108474.0;2011,436,54744.0;2011,295,138681.0;2011,275,197022.0;2011,467,163786.0;2011,470,340746.0;2011,471,189690.0;2011,277,104985.0;2011,478,102703.0;2011,34752,107062.0;2011,479,150158.0;2011,454,93126.0;2011,34987,86970.0;2011,5398,60496.0;2011,34988,102072.0;2011,34989,92143.0;2011,246,56498.0;2012,246,57143.0;2012,19,100073.0;2012,20,57500.0;2012,21,100000.0;2012,26,223000.0;2012,29,204455.0;2012,31,155556.0;2012,32,147161.0;2012,34,81503.0;2012,37,136118.0;2012,38,166667.0;2012,40,13636.0;2012,41,42092.0;2012,18581,152571.0;2012,42,225882.0;2012,43,115388.0;2012,197,24396.0;2012,174,28132.0;2012,173,73652.0;2012,171,163011.0;2012,34845,162857.0;2012,34979,234759.0;2012,170,96365.0;2012,169,60732.0;2012,168,102151.0;2012,199,263158.0;2012,166,126502.0;2012,143,65900.0;2012,164,65000.0;2012,167,81275.0;2012,200,80000.0;2012,160,75083.0;2012,201,45419.0;2012,259,115775.0;2012,159,29565.0;2012,202,105170.0;2012,253,52000.0;2012,203,186364.0;2012,153,41926.0;2012,151,38532.0;2012,150,167489.0;2012,206,75000.0;2012,252,144857.0;2012,148,32442.0;2012,147,69200.0;2012,94,98481.0;2012,146,110944.0;2012,145,44619.0;2012,139,70134.0;2012,137,385818.0;2012,136,214018.0;2012,132,188866.0;2012,129,127273.0;2012,125,241246.0;2012,121,78258.0;2012,118,75810.0;2012,117,223883.0;2012,116,275589.0;2012,211,16555.0;2012,115,141850.0;2012,284,24303.0;2012,213,125000.0;2012,113,122330.0;2012,222,112500.0;2012,109,53750.0;2012,142,136566.0;2012,220,57692.0;2012,105,76993.0;2012,104,160149.0;2012,103,79585.0;2012,261,57143.0;2012,100,159264.0;2012,99,99030.0;2012,98,98000.0;2012,97,121015.0;2012,96,102343.0;2012,93,89591.0;2012,245,95413.0;2012,91,149026.0;2012,229,21667.0;2012,230,67800.0;2012,239,117143.0;2012,232,50667.0;2012,89,80283.0;2012,233,125000.0;2012,87,158800.0;2012,86,70293.0;2012,195,166667.0;2012,82,96774.0;2012,258,15385.0;2012,141,121660.0;2012,234,241965.0;2012,75,219133.0;2012,3897,39090.0;2012,74,40837.0;2012,235,150000.0;2012,73,101505.0;2012,68,32973.0;2012,64,57228.0;2012,238,122324.0;2012,84,176445.0;2012,255,125000.0;2012,60,58178.0;2012,80,47010.0;2012,355,110573.0;2012,273,83377.0;2012,462,65608.0;2012,463,86252.0;2012,466,90666.0;2012,290,121204.0;2012,477,86179.0;2012,436,58827.0;2012,295,126652.0;2012,275,210556.0;2012,467,163011.0;2012,470,360669.0;2012,471,203985.0;2012,277,103750.0;2012,478,101404.0;2012,34752,112500.0;2012,479,155339.0;2012,454,83231.0;2012,34987,71060.0;2012,5398,65513.0;2012,34988,86906.0;2012,34989,83092.0;2013,467,161018.0;2013,470,326475.0;2013,471,208274.0;2013,277,102631.0;2013,478,100145.0;2013,34752,105556.0;2013,479,156189.0;2013,454,89347.0;2013,34987,81671.0;2013,5398,63719.0;2013,34988,83560.0;2013,34989,88851.0;2013,246,56667.0;2013,19,140517.0;2013,20,50141.0;2013,21,99459.0;2013,26,221599.0;2013,29,217397.0;2013,31,157857.0;2013,32,147161.0;2013,34,80445.0;2013,37,140795.0;2013,38,162162.0;2013,40,13594.0;2013,41,68750.0;2013,18581,78683.0;2013,42,234170.0;2013,43,147894.0;2013,197,30651.0;2013,174,28783.0;2013,173,65981.0;2013,171,161018.0;2013,34845,160877.0;2013,34979,229600.0;2013,170,99633.0;2013,169,61608.0;2013,168,103800.0;2013,199,257500.0;2013,166,126824.0;2013,143,65542.0;2013,164,70354.0;2013,167,80903.0;2013,200,80000.0;2013,160,74585.0;2013,201,25112.0;2013,259,154928.0;2013,159,30435.0;2013,202,102951.0;2013,253,52000.0;2013,203,181818.0;2013,153,41096.0;2013,151,38333.0;2013,150,182704.0;2013,206,84000.0;2013,252,148584.0;2013,148,32698.0;2013,147,69000.0;2013,94,92968.0;2013,146,109286.0;2013,145,44710.0;2013,139,74561.0;2013,137,349594.0;2013,136,224601.0;2013,132,187795.0;2013,129,142470.0;2013,125,277567.0;2013,121,79410.0;2013,118,77189.0;2013,117,228041.0;2013,116,155321.0;2013,211,15174.0;2013,115,156667.0;2013,284,24320.0;2013,213,137027.0;2013,113,146398.0;2013,222,105556.0;2013,109,55167.0;2013,142,120145.0;2013,220,57692.0;2013,105,78931.0;2013,104,200128.0;2013,103,70323.0;2013,261,60000.0;2013,100,155719.0;2013,99,98762.0;2013,98,160000.0;2013,97,121025.0;2013,96,108755.0;2013,93,89180.0;2013,245,90396.0;2013,91,157657.0;2013,229,21552.0;2013,230,65816.0;2013,239,118571.0;2013,232,47171.0;2013,89,69978.0;2013,233,122222.0;2013,87,108000.0;2013,86,55916.0;2013,195,162162.0;2013,82,94737.0;2013,258,15244.0;2013,141,126527.0;2013,234,298608.0;2013,75,218232.0;2013,3897,40179.0;2013,74,35172.0;2013,235,153846.0;2013,73,228000.0;2013,68,35006.0;2013,64,55057.0;2013,238,125134.0;2013,84,179334.0;2013,255,125000.0;2013,60,58234.0;2013,80,46000.0;2013,355,110999.0;2013,273,84087.0;2013,462,68748.0;2013,463,101374.0;2013,466,83736.0;2013,290,126953.0;2013,477,90732.0;2013,436,58996.0;2013,295,134052.0;2013,275,211598.0;2014,19,101060.0;2014,20,49392.0;2014,21,99631.0;2014,26,225138.0;2014,29,206459.0;2014,31,162404.0;2014,32,137092.0;2014,34,79522.0;2014,37,148277.0;2014,38,167095.0;2014,40,13742.0;2014,41,73629.0;2014,18581,112239.0;2014,42,252443.0;2014,43,150760.0;2014,197,30570.0;2014,174,28878.0;2014,173,54393.0;2014,171,162773.0;2014,34845,162636.0;2014,34979,232217.0;2014,170,110801.0;2014,169,62062.0;2014,168,105067.0;2014,199,300651.0;2014,166,150000.0;2014,143,65194.0;2014,164,63431.0;2014,167,81000.0;2014,200,79572.0;2014,160,76092.0;2014,201,57835.0;2014,259,162572.0;2014,159,30514.0;2014,202,100733.0;2014,253,50486.0;2014,203,181207.0;2014,153,40306.0;2014,151,37808.0;2014,150,185872.0;2014,206,84302.0;2014,252,152310.0;2014,148,32955.0;2014,147,71500.0;2014,94,89902.0;2014,146,91442.0;2014,145,44802.0;2014,139,81674.0;2014,137,356555.0;2014,136,233548.0;2014,132,183878.0;2014,129,134713.0;2014,125,269501.0;2014,121,80322.0;2014,118,78007.0;2014,117,225040.0;2014,116,170200.0;2014,211,13140.0;2014,115,144987.0;2014,284,24337.0;2014,213,150323.0;2014,113,131318.0;2014,222,107197.0;2014,109,60947.0;2014,142,124136.0;2014,220,57857.0;2014,105,77731.0;2014,104,200119.0;2014,103,77203.0;2014,261,62283.0;2014,100,158287.0;2014,99,98493.0;2014,98,170000.0;2014,97,122106.0;2014,96,117184.0;2014,93,88769.0;2014,245,85379.0;2014,91,159407.0;2014,229,21051.0;2014,230,68667.0;2014,239,123436.0;2014,232,43159.0;2014,89,81945.0;2014,233,90259.0;2014,87,104994.0;2014,86,74786.0;2014,195,161885.0;2014,82,95439.0;2014,258,12690.0;2014,141,126759.0;2014,234,279569.0;2014,75,222551.0;2014,3897,40370.0;2014,74,40805.0;2014,235,156979.0;2014,73,73935.0;2014,68,33005.0;2014,64,62374.0;2014,238,124687.0;2014,84,184707.0;2014,255,124612.0;2014,60,58289.0;2014,80,46510.0;2014,355,112405.0;2014,273,84226.0;2014,462,71596.0;2014,463,88050.0;2014,466,88039.0;2014,290,133157.0;2014,477,95669.0;2014,436,54143.0;2014,295,142645.0;2014,275,219094.0;2014,246,48216.0;2014,467,162773.0;2014,470,334862.0;2014,471,215428.0;2014,277,101697.0;2014,478,99193.0;2014,34752,107197.0;2014,479,157590.0;2014,454,85554.0;2014,34987,83913.0;2014,5398,59280.0;2014,34988,87207.0;2014,34989,84647.0
24024;1961,246,794.0;1961,19,2500.0;1961,31,2125.0;1961,34,3187.0;1961,37,3287.0;1961,43,1976.0;1961,174,233.0;1961,170,4333.0;1961,169,4100.0;1961,168,3000.0;1961,166,3655.0;1961,143,3269.0;1961,164,2000.0;1961,167,3867.0;1961,200,4000.0;1961,160,4647.0;1961,201,2005.0;1961,259,7500.0;1961,159,2889.0;1961,202,4286.0;1961,153,3190.0;1961,150,2364.0;1961,206,5000.0;1961,252,2000.0;1961,148,3571.0;1961,147,1000.0;1961,146,371.0;1961,145,5556.0;1961,139,7799.0;1961,136,1541.0;1961,132,4003.0;1961,121,1031.0;1961,118,3333.0;1961,116,4615.0;1961,284,5000.0;1961,113,3962.0;1961,105,1316.0;1961,103,2814.0;1961,34984,3750.0;1961,100,2889.0;1961,99,3376.0;1961,97,4800.0;1961,96,3540.0;1961,229,6977.0;1961,230,1600.0;1961,239,4830.0;1961,232,2935.0;1961,87,4733.0;1961,195,5000.0;1961,141,2418.0;1961,234,1910.0;1961,3897,1333.0;1961,74,7700.0;1961,73,3515.0;1961,68,222.0;1961,64,4500.0;1961,221,5100.0;1961,238,2414.0;1961,355,2694.0;1961,273,2537.0;1961,462,2924.0;1961,463,2270.0;1961,466,2587.0;1961,290,3155.0;1961,477,3755.0;1961,436,4204.0;1961,295,2911.0;1961,275,2642.0;1961,470,2418.0;1961,471,2824.0;1961,277,3775.0;1961,478,3456.0;1961,34752,3750.0;1961,479,4801.0;1961,454,3269.0;1961,34987,2423.0;1961,5398,3895.0;1961,34988,2534.0;1961,34989,3339.0;1962,246,875.0;1962,19,2500.0;1962,31,2000.0;1962,34,3157.0;1962,37,3020.0;1962,43,2000.0;1962,174,220.0;1962,170,4412.0;1962,169,4000.0;1962,168,2100.0;1962,166,4214.0;1962,143,3971.0;1962,164,1910.0;1962,167,4333.0;1962,200,2000.0;1962,160,4431.0;1962,201,2014.0;1962,259,7500.0;1962,159,3433.0;1962,202,4286.0;1962,153,3360.0;1962,150,2378.0;1962,206,5600.0;1962,252,2500.0;1962,148,3571.0;1962,147,1200.0;1962,146,357.0;1962,145,5556.0;1962,139,7760.0;1962,136,1216.0;1962,132,3800.0;1962,121,1277.0;1962,118,2778.0;1962,116,4615.0;1962,284,5000.0;1962,113,4330.0;1962,105,1316.0;1962,103,2600.0;1962,34984,3750.0;1962,100,2857.0;1962,99,4562.0;1962,97,4480.0;1962,96,3491.0;1962,229,6897.0;1962,230,1800.0;1962,239,4172.0;1962,232,3000.0;1962,87,4780.0;1962,195,4800.0;1962,141,2656.0;1962,234,3137.0;1962,3897,1333.0;1962,74,7600.0;1962,73,3358.0;1962,68,250.0;1962,64,3000.0;1962,221,5063.0;1962,238,2701.0;1962,355,2716.0;1962,273,2581.0;1962,462,2211.0;1962,463,2394.0;1962,466,2617.0;1962,290,3078.0;1962,477,4142.0;1962,436,4040.0;1962,295,2783.0;1962,275,2651.0;1962,470,2656.0;1962,471,2649.0;1962,277,4466.0;1962,478,4587.0;1962,34752,3750.0;1962,479,4150.0;1962,454,3598.0;1962,34987,2279.0;1962,5398,3949.0;1962,34988,2577.0;1962,34989,3716.0;1963,246,1000.0;1963,19,2143.0;1963,31,2417.0;1963,34,3463.0;1963,37,3055.0;1963,43,2237.0;1963,174,222.0;1963,170,4486.0;1963,169,4182.0;1963,168,2667.0;1963,166,3567.0;1963,143,3938.0;1963,164,1864.0;1963,167,3733.0;1963,200,4000.0;1963,160,4755.0;1963,201,1969.0;1963,259,7500.0;1963,159,3667.0;1963,202,4444.0;1963,153,3600.0;1963,150,2351.0;1963,206,5200.0;1963,252,2500.0;1963,148,3571.0;1963,147,1200.0;1963,146,363.0;1963,145,5600.0;1963,139,7849.0;1963,136,1237.0;1963,132,3803.0;1963,121,1585.0;1963,118,2222.0;1963,116,4000.0;1963,284,10000.0;1963,113,4389.0;1963,105,1316.0;1963,103,3186.0;1963,34984,3750.0;1963,100,2500.0;1963,99,4844.0;1963,97,4802.0;1963,96,3817.0;1963,229,6897.0;1963,230,1943.0;1963,239,5041.0;1963,232,2438.0;1963,87,4729.0;1963,195,5000.0;1963,141,3058.0;1963,234,3199.0;1963,3897,1333.0;1963,74,8176.0;1963,73,3661.0;1963,68,250.0;1963,64,2000.0;1963,221,4700.0;1963,238,2967.0;1963,355,2835.0;1963,273,2719.0;1963,462,1716.0;1963,463,2559.0;1963,466,2750.0;1963,290,3124.0;1963,477,3989.0;1963,436,4285.0;1963,295,2819.0;1963,275,2897.0;1963,470,3058.0;1963,471,2794.0;1963,277,4872.0;1963,478,4835.0;1963,34752,3750.0;1963,479,5001.0;1963,454,3643.0;1963,34987,2454.0;1963,5398,4104.0;1963,34988,2714.0;1963,34989,3806.0;1964,246,200.0;1964,19,2143.0;1964,31,2381.0;1964,34,3431.0;1964,37,3155.0;1964,43,2400.0;1964,174,218.0;1964,170,4432.0;1964,169,4483.0;1964,168,3667.0;1964,166,3400.0;1964,143,4515.0;1964,164,1720.0;1964,167,3429.0;1964,200,4000.0;1964,160,5153.0;1964,201,2319.0;1964,259,7500.0;1964,159,3900.0;1964,202,4444.0;1964,153,4000.0;1964,150,3141.0;1964,206,5600.0;1964,252,2660.0;1964,148,3529.0;1964,147,1333.0;1964,146,357.0;1964,145,5600.0;1964,139,7778.0;1964,136,1233.0;1964,132,3293.0;1964,121,1619.0;1964,118,2880.0;1964,116,4250.0;1964,284,4000.0;1964,113,2934.0;1964,105,1316.0;1964,103,4261.0;1964,34984,5000.0;1964,100,2368.0;1964,99,3323.0;1964,97,5618.0;1964,96,4341.0;1964,229,6897.0;1964,230,2050.0;1964,239,5041.0;1964,232,3344.0;1964,87,4543.0;1964,195,5120.0;1964,141,2712.0;1964,234,2757.0;1964,3897,1333.0;1964,74,7955.0;1964,73,2358.0;1964,68,273.0;1964,64,1500.0;1964,221,5150.0;1964,238,2924.0;1964,355,3399.0;1964,273,3455.0;1964,462,1879.0;1964,463,2773.0;1964,466,3582.0;1964,290,3206.0;1964,477,3023.0;1964,436,4416.0;1964,295,3031.0;1964,275,2958.0;1964,470,2712.0;1964,471,3084.0;1964,277,3607.0;1964,478,3360.0;1964,34752,5000.0;1964,479,4994.0;1964,454,3930.0;1964,34987,2352.0;1964,5398,4003.0;1964,34988,3441.0;1964,34989,4154.0;1965,246,500.0;1965,19,2857.0;1965,31,2500.0;1965,34,3633.0;1965,37,3334.0;1965,43,2074.0;1965,174,222.0;1965,170,4572.0;1965,169,4125.0;1965,168,2667.0;1965,166,2533.0;1965,143,3724.0;1965,164,1958.0;1965,167,3071.0;1965,200,2500.0;1965,160,3571.0;1965,201,2079.0;1965,259,7500.0;1965,159,3933.0;1965,202,4375.0;1965,153,2170.0;1965,150,2272.0;1965,206,5111.0;1965,252,3000.0;1965,148,3529.0;1965,147,1333.0;1965,146,367.0;1965,145,5556.0;1965,139,7757.0;1965,136,1317.0;1965,132,4011.0;1965,121,1412.0;1965,118,3114.0;1965,116,6000.0;1965,284,5000.0;1965,113,3031.0;1965,105,1316.0;1965,103,2637.0;1965,34984,5556.0;1965,100,1944.0;1965,99,5110.0;1965,97,3849.0;1965,96,4272.0;1965,229,6667.0;1965,230,2000.0;1965,239,3833.0;1965,232,2781.0;1965,87,4257.0;1965,195,5000.0;1965,141,2040.0;1965,234,2371.0;1965,3897,1333.0;1965,74,6500.0;1965,73,2531.0;1965,68,273.0;1965,64,1000.0;1965,221,4971.0;1965,238,2882.0;1965,355,2677.0;1965,273,2538.0;1965,462,1896.0;1965,463,2462.0;1965,466,2553.0;1965,290,3023.0;1965,477,2834.0;1965,436,3412.0;1965,295,2993.0;1965,275,2777.0;1965,470,2040.0;1965,471,3175.0;1965,277,4934.0;1965,478,5103.0;1965,34752,5556.0;1965,479,3779.0;1965,454,3666.0;1965,34987,2287.0;1965,5398,3653.0;1965,34988,2535.0;1965,34989,3523.0;1966,246,1111.0;1966,19,2143.0;1966,31,2222.0;1966,34,3272.0;1966,37,3793.0;1966,43,2190.0;1966,174,233.0;1966,170,4684.0;1966,169,4313.0;1966,168,2923.0;1966,166,3100.0;1966,143,4366.0;1966,164,1835.0;1966,167,3533.0;1966,200,2500.0;1966,160,3732.0;1966,201,2820.0;1966,259,7500.0;1966,159,4244.0;1966,202,4500.0;1966,153,1901.0;1966,150,2823.0;1966,206,4889.0;1966,252,2280.0;1966,148,3529.0;1966,147,1333.0;1966,146,363.0;1966,145,5556.0;1966,139,7797.0;1966,136,1506.0;1966,132,4263.0;1966,121,1451.0;1966,118,3289.0;1966,116,8500.0;1966,284,5000.0;1966,113,3346.0;1966,105,1316.0;1966,103,3817.0;1966,34984,5000.0;1966,100,1429.0;1966,99,5189.0;1966,97,4885.0;1966,96,4255.0;1966,229,7143.0;1966,230,2000.0;1966,239,3625.0;1966,232,3406.0;1966,87,4534.0;1966,195,4850.0;1966,141,2192.0;1966,234,2112.0;1966,3897,1333.0;1966,74,7409.0;1966,73,2708.0;1966,68,267.0;1966,64,1000.0;1966,221,5000.0;1966,238,2846.0;1966,355,3298.0;1966,273,3216.0;1966,462,2037.0;1966,463,2615.0;1966,466,3356.0;1966,290,3478.0;1966,477,3176.0;1966,436,3514.0;1966,295,3516.0;1966,275,3056.0;1966,470,2192.0;1966,471,3565.0;1966,277,4905.0;1966,478,5179.0;1966,34752,5000.0;1966,479,3597.0;1966,454,4015.0;1966,34987,2073.0;1966,5398,3798.0;1966,34988,3222.0;1966,34989,3898.0;1967,246,2500.0;1967,19,2857.0;1967,31,2500.0;1967,34,3599.0;1967,37,4115.0;1967,43,2447.0;1967,174,288.0;1967,170,4595.0;1967,169,4828.0;1967,168,3813.0;1967,166,2400.0;1967,143,4096.0;1967,164,1621.0;1967,167,3267.0;1967,200,2500.0;1967,160,3454.0;1967,201,3062.0;1967,259,7500.0;1967,159,3733.0;1967,202,4500.0;1967,153,1846.0;1967,150,2921.0;1967,206,6133.0;1967,252,2000.0;1967,148,3333.0;1967,147,1333.0;1967,146,366.0;1967,145,5625.0;1967,139,7841.0;1967,136,1344.0;1967,132,4005.0;1967,121,1430.0;1967,118,3541.0;1967,116,7500.0;1967,284,6000.0;1967,113,3649.0;1967,105,1538.0;1967,103,3400.0;1967,34984,5000.0;1967,100,1471.0;1967,99,4756.0;1967,97,5230.0;1967,96,3977.0;1967,229,7143.0;1967,230,2000.0;1967,239,4125.0;1967,232,3406.0;1967,87,4299.0;1967,195,4960.0;1967,141,2451.0;1967,234,2070.0;1967,3897,1333.0;1967,74,7335.0;1967,73,2642.0;1967,68,329.0;1967,64,2000.0;1967,221,5000.0;1967,238,2954.0;1967,355,3294.0;1967,273,3154.0;1967,462,2304.0;1967,463,2719.0;1967,466,3248.0;1967,290,3658.0;1967,477,3184.0;1967,436,3380.0;1967,295,3766.0;1967,275,3019.0;1967,470,2451.0;1967,471,3315.0;1967,277,4667.0;1967,478,4763.0;1967,34752,5000.0;1967,479,4109.0;1967,454,3819.0;1967,34987,2245.0;1967,5398,3706.0;1967,34988,3172.0;1967,34989,3729.0;1968,246,2857.0;1968,19,2500.0;1968,31,2333.0;1968,34,3600.0;1968,37,3451.0;1968,43,2757.0;1968,174,211.0;1968,170,4615.0;1968,169,3818.0;1968,168,4293.0;1968,166,2800.0;1968,143,3893.0;1968,164,1763.0;1968,167,3000.0;1968,200,2500.0;1968,160,3635.0;1968,201,3892.0;1968,259,7500.0;1968,159,3725.0;1968,202,4444.0;1968,153,1900.0;1968,150,2515.0;1968,206,5138.0;1968,252,2000.0;1968,148,3529.0;1968,147,1333.0;1968,146,364.0;1968,145,5556.0;1968,139,7851.0;1968,136,1271.0;1968,132,4842.0;1968,121,2291.0;1968,118,3634.0;1968,116,7833.0;1968,284,5000.0;1968,113,3803.0;1968,105,1500.0;1968,103,2740.0;1968,34984,5400.0;1968,100,1515.0;1968,99,4561.0;1968,97,4895.0;1968,96,4447.0;1968,229,7143.0;1968,230,2000.0;1968,239,3883.0;1968,232,3212.0;1968,87,4199.0;1968,195,4977.0;1968,141,2356.0;1968,234,1298.0;1968,3897,1333.0;1968,74,7143.0;1968,73,3437.0;1968,68,430.0;1968,64,4000.0;1968,221,5000.0;1968,238,2771.0;1968,355,3056.0;1968,273,2859.0;1968,462,2515.0;1968,463,2934.0;1968,466,2843.0;1968,290,3555.0;1968,477,3383.0;1968,436,3600.0;1968,295,3573.0;1968,275,3167.0;1968,470,2356.0;1968,471,3514.0;1968,277,4496.0;1968,478,4577.0;1968,34752,5400.0;1968,479,3873.0;1968,454,3820.0;1968,34987,2158.0;1968,5398,3774.0;1968,34988,2869.0;1968,34989,3657.0;1969,246,3429.0;1969,19,1500.0;1969,31,2400.0;1969,34,3562.0;1969,37,4825.0;1969,43,2893.0;1969,174,272.0;1969,170,4479.0;1969,169,4554.0;1969,168,3983.0;1969,166,1538.0;1969,143,4672.0;1969,164,1402.0;1969,167,3063.0;1969,200,2500.0;1969,160,3689.0;1969,201,2102.0;1969,259,7500.0;1969,159,3111.0;1969,202,4444.0;1969,153,1746.0;1969,150,2857.0;1969,206,6112.0;1969,252,2000.0;1969,148,3571.0;1969,147,1333.0;1969,146,377.0;1969,145,5625.0;1969,139,7798.0;1969,136,1756.0;1969,132,4823.0;1969,121,2133.0;1969,118,3688.0;1969,116,9167.0;1969,284,5000.0;1969,113,3754.0;1969,105,1500.0;1969,103,3154.0;1969,34984,6000.0;1969,100,1818.0;1969,99,4802.0;1969,97,5701.0;1969,96,4783.0;1969,229,7143.0;1969,230,2000.0;1969,239,4912.0;1969,232,2758.0;1969,87,4202.0;1969,195,4850.0;1969,141,1803.0;1969,234,2134.0;1969,3897,1333.0;1969,74,7867.0;1969,73,1732.0;1969,68,700.0;1969,64,4000.0;1969,221,5000.0;1969,238,2593.0;1969,355,3331.0;1969,273,3190.0;1969,462,2643.0;1969,463,2869.0;1969,466,3258.0;1969,290,3674.0;1969,477,3034.0;1969,436,3383.0;1969,295,3809.0;1969,275,3315.0;1969,470,1803.0;1969,471,3990.0;1969,277,4816.0;1969,478,4805.0;1969,34752,6000.0;1969,479,4896.0;1969,454,3621.0;1969,34987,2207.0;1969,5398,3698.0;1969,34988,3235.0;1969,34989,3918.0;1970,246,4000.0;1970,19,1113.0;1970,31,2125.0;1970,34,3514.0;1970,37,4439.0;1970,43,3430.0;1970,174,365.0;1970,170,4158.0;1970,169,4364.0;1970,168,4480.0;1970,166,1400.0;1970,143,4431.0;1970,164,1478.0;1970,167,2870.0;1970,200,2500.0;1970,160,3602.0;1970,201,2347.0;1970,259,7500.0;1970,159,3889.0;1970,202,4538.0;1970,153,2438.0;1970,150,2798.0;1970,206,5852.0;1970,252,2000.0;1970,148,4286.0;1970,147,1333.0;1970,146,388.0;1970,145,5273.0;1970,139,10000.0;1970,136,2144.0;1970,132,4081.0;1970,121,1801.0;1970,118,3571.0;1970,116,8000.0;1970,113,3796.0;1970,105,1333.0;1970,103,4354.0;1970,34984,5000.0;1970,100,2012.0;1970,99,4799.0;1970,97,4956.0;1970,96,5119.0;1970,229,7143.0;1970,230,2000.0;1970,239,3714.0;1970,232,2939.0;1970,87,4233.0;1970,195,5038.0;1970,141,2043.0;1970,234,2074.0;1970,3897,1333.0;1970,74,8455.0;1970,73,3107.0;1970,68,1205.0;1970,64,4000.0;1970,221,3889.0;1970,238,2675.0;1970,355,3541.0;1970,273,3505.0;1970,462,2858.0;1970,463,3393.0;1970,466,3531.0;1970,290,3581.0;1970,477,3064.0;1970,436,3552.0;1970,295,3661.0;1970,275,3622.0;1970,470,2043.0;1970,471,4482.0;1970,277,4654.0;1970,478,4770.0;1970,34752,5000.0;1970,479,3717.0;1970,454,4024.0;1970,34987,2366.0;1970,5398,3737.0;1970,34988,3527.0;1970,34989,3954.0;1971,246,3667.0;1971,19,2457.0;1971,31,2222.0;1971,34,5327.0;1971,37,4885.0;1971,43,3496.0;1971,174,273.0;1971,170,4286.0;1971,169,2667.0;1971,168,5065.0;1971,166,2433.0;1971,143,5341.0;1971,164,1503.0;1971,167,2972.0;1971,200,2500.0;1971,160,3600.0;1971,201,3232.0;1971,259,5150.0;1971,159,2444.0;1971,202,4444.0;1971,153,2012.0;1971,150,3133.0;1971,206,6369.0;1971,252,2000.0;1971,148,4118.0;1971,147,1333.0;1971,146,399.0;1971,145,5000.0;1971,139,10000.0;1971,136,2193.0;1971,132,4680.0;1971,121,2244.0;1971,118,3205.0;1971,116,6081.0;1971,113,3337.0;1971,105,1333.0;1971,103,3666.0;1971,34984,5000.0;1971,100,1656.0;1971,99,5266.0;1971,97,5049.0;1971,96,4865.0;1971,229,7143.0;1971,230,2000.0;1971,239,4256.0;1971,232,3344.0;1971,87,4336.0;1971,195,4958.0;1971,141,2237.0;1971,234,1939.0;1971,3897,1333.0;1971,74,8529.0;1971,73,1884.0;1971,68,725.0;1971,64,5000.0;1971,221,3000.0;1971,238,2675.0;1971,355,3705.0;1971,273,3599.0;1971,462,2698.0;1971,463,3239.0;1971,466,3677.0;1971,290,3954.0;1971,477,3020.0;1971,436,3384.0;1971,295,4189.0;1971,275,3632.0;1971,470,2237.0;1971,471,4201.0;1971,277,5110.0;1971,478,5222.0;1971,34752,5000.0;1971,479,4251.0;1971,454,3584.0;1971,34987,3015.0;1971,5398,3836.0;1971,34988,3670.0;1971,34989,4251.0;1972,246,3667.0;1972,19,2857.0;1972,31,2500.0;1972,34,5304.0;1972,37,5148.0;1972,43,3913.0;1972,174,409.0;1972,170,4183.0;1972,169,4545.0;1972,168,5179.0;1972,166,2778.0;1972,143,4210.0;1972,164,1583.0;1972,167,3095.0;1972,200,3000.0;1972,160,3549.0;1972,201,3111.0;1972,259,7500.0;1972,159,1429.0;1972,202,4450.0;1972,153,2012.0;1972,150,2867.0;1972,206,5231.0;1972,252,2000.0;1972,148,4444.0;1972,147,1333.0;1972,146,371.0;1972,145,5000.0;1972,139,10000.0;1972,136,1698.0;1972,132,5006.0;1972,121,2274.0;1972,118,4000.0;1972,116,7692.0;1972,113,4853.0;1972,105,1333.0;1972,103,3444.0;1972,34984,5000.0;1972,100,1575.0;1972,99,4950.0;1972,97,5092.0;1972,96,5072.0;1972,229,7143.0;1972,230,2000.0;1972,239,3400.0;1972,232,3150.0;1972,87,4393.0;1972,195,4923.0;1972,141,1013.0;1972,234,1465.0;1972,3897,1333.0;1972,74,6200.0;1972,73,2411.0;1972,68,950.0;1972,64,6000.0;1972,221,3478.0;1972,238,2480.0;1972,355,3514.0;1972,273,3289.0;1972,462,3349.0;1972,463,3362.0;1972,466,3275.0;1972,290,4147.0;1972,477,4271.0;1972,436,3396.0;1972,295,4276.0;1972,275,2807.0;1972,470,1013.0;1972,471,4272.0;1972,277,4781.0;1972,478,4894.0;1972,34752,5000.0;1972,479,3403.0;1972,454,2970.0;1972,34987,3494.0;1972,5398,3717.0;1972,34988,3371.0;1972,34989,3530.0;1973,246,3333.0;1973,19,2333.0;1973,31,2467.0;1973,34,3028.0;1973,37,4708.0;1973,43,3718.0;1973,174,333.0;1973,170,4189.0;1973,169,3167.0;1973,168,5156.0;1973,166,2933.0;1973,143,4196.0;1973,164,1585.0;1973,167,2794.0;1973,200,2857.0;1973,160,3590.0;1973,201,2974.0;1973,259,7500.0;1973,159,1714.0;1973,202,4400.0;1973,153,2060.0;1973,150,2450.0;1973,206,4947.0;1973,252,1600.0;1973,148,4444.0;1973,147,1333.0;1973,146,556.0;1973,145,5000.0;1973,139,10000.0;1973,136,2254.0;1973,132,4648.0;1973,121,2425.0;1973,118,4000.0;1973,116,9619.0;1973,113,4086.0;1973,105,1333.0;1973,103,3071.0;1973,34984,5000.0;1973,100,1563.0;1973,99,3782.0;1973,97,5114.0;1973,96,5070.0;1973,229,6852.0;1973,230,2055.0;1973,239,2800.0;1973,232,3424.0;1973,87,4406.0;1973,195,5000.0;1973,141,1346.0;1973,234,1241.0;1973,3897,1333.0;1973,74,5500.0;1973,73,1581.0;1973,68,1000.0;1973,64,6000.0;1973,221,3043.0;1973,238,2712.0;1973,355,3248.0;1973,273,3032.0;1973,462,3332.0;1973,463,3303.0;1973,466,2979.0;1973,290,3860.0;1973,477,3707.0;1973,436,3303.0;1973,295,3991.0;1973,275,4215.0;1973,470,1346.0;1973,471,5457.0;1973,277,3691.0;1973,478,3760.0;1973,34752,5000.0;1973,479,2806.0;1973,454,3002.0;1973,34987,2084.0;1973,5398,3413.0;1973,34988,3083.0;1973,34989,3602.0;1974,246,3333.0;1974,19,2381.0;1974,31,2500.0;1974,34,5101.0;1974,37,4766.0;1974,43,3554.0;1974,174,462.0;1974,170,4231.0;1974,169,4750.0;1974,168,5907.0;1974,166,2915.0;1974,143,5128.0;1974,164,1559.0;1974,167,2551.0;1974,200,3125.0;1974,160,3579.0;1974,201,4106.0;1974,259,8514.0;1974,159,1857.0;1974,202,4900.0;1974,153,1948.0;1974,150,2751.0;1974,206,4772.0;1974,252,2000.0;1974,148,4444.0;1974,147,1333.0;1974,146,548.0;1974,145,5000.0;1974,139,10000.0;1974,136,3690.0;1974,132,4494.0;1974,121,2351.0;1974,118,4568.0;1974,116,8733.0;1974,113,4226.0;1974,105,1250.0;1974,103,3057.0;1974,34984,4808.0;1974,100,1563.0;1974,99,4750.0;1974,97,5106.0;1974,96,5942.0;1974,229,7143.0;1974,230,2055.0;1974,239,3019.0;1974,232,3152.0;1974,87,4238.0;1974,195,5190.0;1974,141,2228.0;1974,234,1364.0;1974,3897,1333.0;1974,74,4028.0;1974,73,2081.0;1974,68,500.0;1974,64,5833.0;1974,221,3043.0;1974,238,2562.0;1974,355,3538.0;1974,273,3255.0;1974,462,3582.0;1974,463,3171.0;1974,466,3269.0;1974,290,4194.0;1974,477,3838.0;1974,436,3386.0;1974,295,4383.0;1974,275,5396.0;1974,470,2228.0;1974,471,6423.0;1974,277,4583.0;1974,478,4698.0;1974,34752,4808.0;1974,479,3022.0;1974,454,2774.0;1974,34987,3176.0;1974,5398,3696.0;1974,34988,3328.0;1974,34989,4000.0;1975,246,3000.0;1975,19,2381.0;1975,31,2471.0;1975,34,5734.0;1975,37,6251.0;1975,43,2743.0;1975,174,500.0;1975,170,4943.0;1975,169,3500.0;1975,168,7085.0;1975,166,3656.0;1975,143,4641.0;1975,164,1564.0;1975,167,2650.0;1975,200,3053.0;1975,160,3500.0;1975,201,3279.0;1975,259,6250.0;1975,159,1429.0;1975,202,4800.0;1975,153,2068.0;1975,150,2838.0;1975,206,4822.0;1975,252,1950.0;1975,148,3350.0;1975,147,2000.0;1975,146,533.0;1975,145,5000.0;1975,139,10000.0;1975,136,5316.0;1975,132,4944.0;1975,121,3329.0;1975,118,3823.0;1975,116,7576.0;1975,113,4642.0;1975,105,1299.0;1975,103,3086.0;1975,34984,4815.0;1975,100,2025.0;1975,99,4694.0;1975,97,5091.0;1975,96,5043.0;1975,229,7143.0;1975,230,2055.0;1975,239,3200.0;1975,232,2394.0;1975,87,4227.0;1975,195,4925.0;1975,141,2358.0;1975,234,1372.0;1975,3897,1333.0;1975,74,4931.0;1975,73,2620.0;1975,68,500.0;1975,64,6000.0;1975,221,3043.0;1975,238,2697.0;1975,355,3581.0;1975,273,3155.0;1975,462,3349.0;1975,463,2531.0;1975,466,3272.0;1975,290,4716.0;1975,477,4204.0;1975,436,3398.0;1975,295,4994.0;1975,275,5593.0;1975,470,2358.0;1975,471,6475.0;1975,277,4561.0;1975,478,4647.0;1975,34752,4815.0;1975,479,3198.0;1975,454,2766.0;1975,34987,3483.0;1975,5398,3643.0;1975,34988,3234.0;1975,34989,3812.0;1976,246,3000.0;1976,19,1429.0;1976,31,2471.0;1976,34,5793.0;1976,37,5691.0;1976,43,2020.0;1976,174,308.0;1976,170,5358.0;1976,169,2500.0;1976,168,5613.0;1976,166,3367.0;1976,143,4417.0;1976,164,1555.0;1976,167,2687.0;1976,200,3200.0;1976,160,3499.0;1976,201,2841.0;1976,259,6250.0;1976,159,857.0;1976,202,4889.0;1976,153,1743.0;1976,150,2513.0;1976,206,4933.0;1976,252,1950.0;1976,148,3911.0;1976,147,2667.0;1976,146,533.0;1976,145,5000.0;1976,139,10000.0;1976,136,4442.0;1976,132,4572.0;1976,121,2956.0;1976,118,4076.0;1976,116,6895.0;1976,113,4285.0;1976,105,1307.0;1976,103,2586.0;1976,34984,4821.0;1976,100,2056.0;1976,99,4241.0;1976,97,5052.0;1976,96,7980.0;1976,229,7143.0;1976,230,2055.0;1976,239,3000.0;1976,232,2121.0;1976,87,4136.0;1976,195,4957.0;1976,141,1663.0;1976,234,1487.0;1976,3897,1333.0;1976,74,3972.0;1976,73,1625.0;1976,68,1000.0;1976,64,5926.0;1976,221,3043.0;1976,238,2081.0;1976,355,3171.0;1976,273,2768.0;1976,462,3557.0;1976,463,1915.0;1976,466,2949.0;1976,290,4249.0;1976,477,3905.0;1976,436,3251.0;1976,295,4475.0;1976,275,5463.0;1976,470,1663.0;1976,471,6378.0;1976,277,4136.0;1976,478,4209.0;1976,34752,4821.0;1976,479,3000.0;1976,454,2393.0;1976,34987,3819.0;1976,5398,3379.0;1976,34988,2851.0;1976,34989,3558.0;1977,246,2667.0;1977,19,1429.0;1977,31,2500.0;1977,34,5873.0;1977,37,6051.0;1977,43,2482.0;1977,174,462.0;1977,170,4696.0;1977,169,3333.0;1977,168,7191.0;1977,166,3847.0;1977,143,4350.0;1977,164,1478.0;1977,167,2626.0;1977,200,3350.0;1977,160,3500.0;1977,201,3030.0;1977,259,8514.0;1977,159,857.0;1977,202,5389.0;1977,153,1787.0;1977,150,2312.0;1977,206,3880.0;1977,252,1250.0;1977,148,4744.0;1977,147,2667.0;1977,146,533.0;1977,145,5000.0;1977,139,10000.0;1977,137,7895.0;1977,136,4297.0;1977,132,4700.0;1977,121,2205.0;1977,118,3525.0;1977,116,6486.0;1977,113,3950.0;1977,105,1308.0;1977,103,2757.0;1977,34984,4828.0;1977,100,2560.0;1977,99,3563.0;1977,97,5122.0;1977,96,6542.0;1977,229,7143.0;1977,230,2182.0;1977,239,4400.0;1977,232,1667.0;1977,87,4195.0;1977,195,4743.0;1977,141,1992.0;1977,234,1564.0;1977,3897,1333.0;1977,74,4771.0;1977,73,1673.0;1977,68,500.0;1977,64,6024.0;1977,221,3043.0;1977,238,2350.0;1977,355,3274.0;1977,273,2869.0;1977,462,3123.0;1977,463,2247.0;1977,466,3004.0;1977,290,4416.0;1977,477,3869.0;1977,436,3232.0;1977,295,4702.0;1977,275,5272.0;1977,470,2244.0;1977,471,5902.0;1977,277,3605.0;1977,478,3557.0;1977,34752,4828.0;1977,479,4379.0;1977,454,2397.0;1977,34987,3805.0;1977,5398,3150.0;1977,34988,2934.0;1977,34989,3673.0;1978,246,2727.0;1978,19,1053.0;1978,31,2500.0;1978,34,5440.0;1978,37,6409.0;1978,43,2607.0;1978,174,500.0;1978,170,5124.0;1978,169,2500.0;1978,168,5417.0;1978,166,3460.0;1978,143,4302.0;1978,164,1569.0;1978,167,2194.0;1978,200,3065.0;1978,160,3918.0;1978,201,2510.0;1978,259,8500.0;1978,159,845.0;1978,202,5591.0;1978,153,1767.0;1978,150,2235.0;1978,206,3836.0;1978,252,1250.0;1978,148,5320.0;1978,147,2667.0;1978,146,533.0;1978,145,5000.0;1978,139,10000.0;1978,137,7937.0;1978,136,4378.0;1978,132,4923.0;1978,121,2527.0;1978,118,2906.0;1978,116,9629.0;1978,113,6497.0;1978,105,1613.0;1978,103,2243.0;1978,34984,4833.0;1978,100,2483.0;1978,99,3598.0;1978,97,4958.0;1978,96,7427.0;1978,229,7143.0;1978,230,2182.0;1978,239,2482.0;1978,232,2121.0;1978,87,4176.0;1978,195,5000.0;1978,141,2336.0;1978,234,2260.0;1978,3897,1333.0;1978,74,3600.0;1978,73,1699.0;1978,68,1000.0;1978,64,6542.0;1978,221,3704.0;1978,238,2400.0;1978,355,3264.0;1978,273,2746.0;1978,462,3409.0;1978,463,2327.0;1978,466,2833.0;1978,290,4604.0;1978,477,5306.0;1978,436,3508.0;1978,295,4697.0;1978,275,6762.0;1978,470,2720.0;1978,471,7701.0;1978,277,3552.0;1978,478,3614.0;1978,34752,4833.0;1978,479,2485.0;1978,454,2332.0;1978,34987,3226.0;1978,5398,3342.0;1978,34988,2818.0;1978,34989,3671.0;1979,246,2727.0;1979,19,1053.0;1979,31,2500.0;1979,34,5012.0;1979,37,7415.0;1979,43,2870.0;1979,174,136.0;1979,170,5152.0;1979,169,3000.0;1979,168,6600.0;1979,166,3455.0;1979,143,5069.0;1979,164,1547.0;1979,167,2864.0;1979,200,3292.0;1979,160,3596.0;1979,201,2867.0;1979,259,8493.0;1979,159,845.0;1979,202,5603.0;1979,153,2264.0;1979,150,2340.0;1979,206,4102.0;1979,252,1250.0;1979,148,5597.0;1979,147,2667.0;1979,146,533.0;1979,145,5000.0;1979,139,10000.0;1979,137,8000.0;1979,136,5395.0;1979,132,4553.0;1979,121,2297.0;1979,118,2931.0;1979,116,10006.0;1979,113,5692.0;1979,105,1613.0;1979,103,2157.0;1979,34984,4839.0;1979,100,2788.0;1979,99,3600.0;1979,97,4995.0;1979,96,8504.0;1979,229,7200.0;1979,230,2143.0;1979,239,3264.0;1979,232,2273.0;1979,87,4141.0;1979,195,5150.0;1979,141,2591.0;1979,234,3879.0;1979,3897,1333.0;1979,74,4371.0;1979,73,1314.0;1979,68,1000.0;1979,64,6111.0;1979,221,3704.0;1979,238,2498.0;1979,355,3583.0;1979,273,3017.0;1979,462,3125.0;1979,463,2583.0;1979,466,3108.0;1979,290,5063.0;1979,477,4840.0;1979,436,3259.0;1979,295,5401.0;1979,275,7568.0;1979,470,3211.0;1979,471,8341.0;1979,277,3601.0;1979,478,3622.0;1979,34752,4839.0;1979,479,3258.0;1979,454,2537.0;1979,34987,3135.0;1979,5398,3235.0;1979,34988,3083.0;1979,34989,4186.0;1980,246,3750.0;1980,19,1053.0;1980,31,2588.0;1980,34,5394.0;1980,37,6614.0;1980,43,2636.0;1980,174,200.0;1980,170,5543.0;1980,169,1829.0;1980,168,5557.0;1980,166,3291.0;1980,143,4987.0;1980,164,1184.0;1980,167,2878.0;1980,200,3292.0;1980,160,2998.0;1980,201,3380.0;1980,259,8649.0;1980,159,1111.0;1980,202,4660.0;1980,153,1816.0;1980,150,2310.0;1980,206,8524.0;1980,252,1250.0;1980,148,4148.0;1980,147,2667.0;1980,146,533.0;1980,145,5000.0;1980,139,10000.0;1980,137,3000.0;1980,136,5313.0;1980,132,4867.0;1980,121,2318.0;1980,118,2931.0;1980,116,10179.0;1980,113,5298.0;1980,105,1628.0;1980,103,2186.0;1980,34984,5000.0;1980,100,3280.0;1980,99,4000.0;1980,97,5129.0;1980,96,8848.0;1980,229,7200.0;1980,230,2167.0;1980,239,2432.0;1980,232,1727.0;1980,87,4046.0;1980,195,4943.0;1980,141,2837.0;1980,234,2600.0;1980,75,5000.0;1980,3897,1333.0;1980,74,4528.0;1980,73,1191.0;1980,68,500.0;1980,64,5839.0;1980,221,2892.0;1980,238,2200.0;1980,355,3524.0;1980,273,2989.0;1980,462,2961.0;1980,463,2393.0;1980,466,3115.0;1980,290,4875.0;1980,477,4744.0;1980,436,2821.0;1980,295,5206.0;1980,275,6650.0;1980,470,2952.0;1980,471,8418.0;1980,277,3888.0;1980,478,3976.0;1980,34752,5000.0;1980,479,2442.0;1980,454,2507.0;1980,34987,3310.0;1980,5398,3029.0;1980,34988,3058.0;1980,34989,4110.0;1981,246,2500.0;1981,19,1053.0;1981,31,2588.0;1981,34,5234.0;1981,37,6647.0;1981,43,2781.0;1981,174,300.0;1981,170,5632.0;1981,169,3077.0;1981,168,5271.0;1981,166,3156.0;1981,143,5156.0;1981,164,1563.0;1981,167,2139.0;1981,200,3292.0;1981,160,3291.0;1981,201,2980.0;1981,259,8919.0;1981,159,1375.0;1981,202,5347.0;1981,153,1357.0;1981,150,2054.0;1981,206,8832.0;1981,252,1250.0;1981,148,3716.0;1981,147,2667.0;1981,146,533.0;1981,145,5000.0;1981,139,10000.0;1981,137,3000.0;1981,136,5839.0;1981,132,4867.0;1981,121,2691.0;1981,118,3155.0;1981,116,11560.0;1981,113,4516.0;1981,105,1538.0;1981,103,2486.0;1981,34984,5000.0;1981,100,3184.0;1981,99,3963.0;1981,97,5288.0;1981,96,5574.0;1981,229,6857.0;1981,230,2177.0;1981,239,2800.0;1981,232,1970.0;1981,87,4103.0;1981,195,4933.0;1981,141,3158.0;1981,234,2351.0;1981,75,5000.0;1981,3897,1333.0;1981,74,3056.0;1981,73,1310.0;1981,68,500.0;1981,64,5729.0;1981,221,3100.0;1981,238,2215.0;1981,355,3579.0;1981,273,3048.0;1981,462,3058.0;1981,463,2493.0;1981,466,3159.0;1981,290,4811.0;1981,477,4148.0;1981,436,3061.0;1981,295,5154.0;1981,275,7413.0;1981,470,3047.0;1981,471,9118.0;1981,277,3860.0;1981,478,3953.0;1981,34752,5000.0;1981,479,2799.0;1981,454,2404.0;1981,34987,3253.0;1981,5398,3189.0;1981,34988,3115.0;1981,34989,4245.0;1982,246,2500.0;1982,19,1053.0;1982,31,2897.0;1982,34,5472.0;1982,37,6585.0;1982,43,2577.0;1982,174,400.0;1982,170,5097.0;1982,169,2410.0;1982,168,5933.0;1982,166,2954.0;1982,143,3782.0;1982,164,1805.0;1982,167,1982.0;1982,200,3393.0;1982,160,2587.0;1982,201,3500.0;1982,259,10000.0;1982,159,959.0;1982,202,3421.0;1982,153,1381.0;1982,150,2250.0;1982,206,11395.0;1982,252,1250.0;1982,148,3835.0;1982,147,2667.0;1982,146,533.0;1982,145,4989.0;1982,139,10000.0;1982,137,3000.0;1982,136,7504.0;1982,132,6880.0;1982,121,1840.0;1982,118,3223.0;1982,116,11253.0;1982,113,6229.0;1982,105,1538.0;1982,103,2229.0;1982,34984,5000.0;1982,100,3293.0;1982,99,3322.0;1982,97,5753.0;1982,96,4906.0;1982,229,7143.0;1982,230,2177.0;1982,239,2600.0;1982,232,1700.0;1982,87,4314.0;1982,195,4948.0;1982,141,3521.0;1982,234,1224.0;1982,75,5000.0;1982,3897,1333.0;1982,74,3833.0;1982,73,1061.0;1982,68,500.0;1982,64,5944.0;1982,221,2112.0;1982,238,2084.0;1982,355,3453.0;1982,273,2742.0;1982,462,3202.0;1982,463,2268.0;1982,466,2840.0;1982,290,4900.0;1982,477,5474.0;1982,436,2673.0;1982,295,5266.0;1982,275,7917.0;1982,470,3156.0;1982,471,9445.0;1982,277,3272.0;1982,478,3312.0;1982,34752,5000.0;1982,479,2600.0;1982,454,2410.0;1982,34987,3409.0;1982,5398,2742.0;1982,34988,2809.0;1982,34989,3311.0;1983,246,1333.0;1983,19,1053.0;1983,31,2847.0;1983,34,5202.0;1983,37,6437.0;1983,43,2562.0;1983,174,364.0;1983,170,4933.0;1983,169,3077.0;1983,168,3781.0;1983,166,2375.0;1983,143,4315.0;1983,164,1904.0;1983,167,1928.0;1983,200,1897.0;1983,160,3059.0;1983,201,1667.0;1983,259,10000.0;1983,159,943.0;1983,202,2963.0;1983,153,1190.0;1983,150,2101.0;1983,206,9385.0;1983,252,1250.0;1983,148,3898.0;1983,147,2667.0;1983,146,533.0;1983,145,5111.0;1983,139,11000.0;1983,137,3000.0;1983,136,6772.0;1983,132,5004.0;1983,121,2284.0;1983,118,3051.0;1983,116,9456.0;1983,113,5669.0;1983,105,1500.0;1983,103,2000.0;1983,34984,4615.0;1983,100,3330.0;1983,99,3535.0;1983,97,5220.0;1983,96,4841.0;1983,229,7867.0;1983,230,2222.0;1983,239,2400.0;1983,232,1567.0;1983,87,4167.0;1983,195,4974.0;1983,141,2945.0;1983,234,1423.0;1983,75,5000.0;1983,3897,1333.0;1983,74,4611.0;1983,235,4000.0;1983,73,1083.0;1983,68,1000.0;1983,64,6109.0;1983,221,3868.0;1983,238,2063.0;1983,355,3444.0;1983,273,2831.0;1983,462,3337.0;1983,463,2239.0;1983,466,2963.0;1983,290,4526.0;1983,477,5076.0;1983,436,3052.0;1983,295,4749.0;1983,275,7206.0;1983,470,2984.0;1983,471,8271.0;1983,277,3518.0;1983,478,3583.0;1983,34752,4615.0;1983,479,2413.0;1983,454,2542.0;1983,34987,3354.0;1983,5398,3034.0;1983,34988,2910.0;1983,34989,3710.0;1984,246,667.0;1984,19,556.0;1984,31,3667.0;1984,34,6043.0;1984,37,5627.0;1984,43,2878.0;1984,174,382.0;1984,170,4769.0;1984,169,3077.0;1984,168,4438.0;1984,166,3905.0;1984,143,5493.0;1984,164,2109.0;1984,167,1916.0;1984,200,1655.0;1984,160,3408.0;1984,201,2905.0;1984,259,10000.0;1984,159,972.0;1984,202,3076.0;1984,153,798.0;1984,150,2084.0;1984,206,10000.0;1984,252,1250.0;1984,148,4799.0;1984,147,2667.0;1984,146,533.0;1984,145,5233.0;1984,139,10000.0;1984,137,3000.0;1984,136,6152.0;1984,132,6113.0;1984,121,2460.0;1984,118,5128.0;1984,116,9321.0;1984,113,5079.0;1984,105,1500.0;1984,103,2297.0;1984,34984,4627.0;1984,100,3312.0;1984,99,4303.0;1984,97,4854.0;1984,96,4167.0;1984,229,8125.0;1984,230,2302.0;1984,239,3036.0;1984,232,1351.0;1984,87,4150.0;1984,195,5026.0;1984,141,3117.0;1984,234,1667.0;1984,75,5000.0;1984,3897,1333.0;1984,74,2721.0;1984,235,4000.0;1984,73,1040.0;1984,68,1355.0;1984,64,6021.0;1984,221,4116.0;1984,238,1746.0;1984,355,3797.0;1984,273,3331.0;1984,462,4591.0;1984,463,2456.0;1984,466,3513.0;1984,290,4459.0;1984,477,4853.0;1984,436,3378.0;1984,295,4601.0;1984,275,7231.0;1984,470,3034.0;1984,471,8005.0;1984,277,4244.0;1984,478,4317.0;1984,34752,4627.0;1984,479,3039.0;1984,454,2407.0;1984,34987,4002.0;1984,5398,3456.0;1984,34988,3426.0;1984,34989,4525.0;1985,246,667.0;1985,19,556.0;1985,31,3765.0;1985,34,6442.0;1985,37,6637.0;1985,43,2777.0;1985,174,382.0;1985,170,4640.0;1985,169,3077.0;1985,168,4393.0;1985,166,3599.0;1985,143,5047.0;1985,164,2144.0;1985,167,1936.0;1985,200,1517.0;1985,160,2940.0;1985,201,4560.0;1985,259,10000.0;1985,159,833.0;1985,202,1892.0;1985,153,750.0;1985,150,2160.0;1985,206,10314.0;1985,252,1250.0;1985,148,6216.0;1985,147,2667.0;1985,146,533.0;1985,145,5055.0;1985,139,10000.0;1985,137,3000.0;1985,136,9992.0;1985,132,5289.0;1985,121,1931.0;1985,118,2922.0;1985,116,8800.0;1985,113,7079.0;1985,105,1500.0;1985,103,2286.0;1985,34984,4638.0;1985,100,3300.0;1985,99,4405.0;1985,97,4517.0;1985,96,4071.0;1985,229,8333.0;1985,230,2302.0;1985,239,2429.0;1985,232,1539.0;1985,87,4133.0;1985,195,5143.0;1985,141,3141.0;1985,234,1600.0;1985,75,5000.0;1985,3897,1222.0;1985,74,3964.0;1985,235,4000.0;1985,73,1005.0;1985,68,930.0;1985,64,5881.0;1985,221,4922.0;1985,238,2122.0;1985,355,3991.0;1985,273,3203.0;1985,462,3108.0;1985,463,2374.0;1985,466,3372.0;1985,290,5420.0;1985,477,6376.0;1985,436,3023.0;1985,295,5680.0;1985,275,7774.0;1985,470,3040.0;1985,471,8591.0;1985,277,4303.0;1985,478,4411.0;1985,34752,4638.0;1985,479,2440.0;1985,454,2493.0;1985,34987,4171.0;1985,5398,3305.0;1985,34988,3300.0;1985,34989,4265.0;1986,246,667.0;1986,19,556.0;1986,31,3810.0;1986,34,6400.0;1986,37,6998.0;1986,43,3002.0;1986,174,400.0;1986,170,4819.0;1986,169,3182.0;1986,168,3589.0;1986,166,3023.0;1986,143,5203.0;1986,164,2417.0;1986,167,2903.0;1986,200,1125.0;1986,160,2853.0;1986,201,2755.0;1986,259,10000.0;1986,159,861.0;1986,202,1602.0;1986,153,814.0;1986,150,2482.0;1986,206,10171.0;1986,252,1250.0;1986,148,5930.0;1986,147,3000.0;1986,146,538.0;1986,145,4905.0;1986,139,10000.0;1986,137,3000.0;1986,136,6780.0;1986,132,5347.0;1986,121,1544.0;1986,118,2923.0;1986,116,8850.0;1986,113,6296.0;1986,105,1500.0;1986,103,2114.0;1986,34984,4571.0;1986,100,3262.0;1986,99,3711.0;1986,97,4874.0;1986,96,4217.0;1986,229,8333.0;1986,230,2344.0;1986,239,2237.0;1986,232,1613.0;1986,87,4180.0;1986,195,5037.0;1986,141,2993.0;1986,234,4202.0;1986,75,5000.0;1986,3897,1100.0;1986,74,3496.0;1986,235,4000.0;1986,73,1019.0;1986,68,460.0;1986,64,6119.0;1986,221,6115.0;1986,238,2299.0;1986,355,4037.0;1986,273,3374.0;1986,462,3298.0;1986,463,2573.0;1986,466,3527.0;1986,290,5098.0;1986,477,5684.0;1986,436,2949.0;1986,295,5364.0;1986,275,7416.0;1986,470,2998.0;1986,471,8001.0;1986,277,3730.0;1986,478,3777.0;1986,34752,4571.0;1986,479,2258.0;1986,454,2568.0;1986,34987,4485.0;1986,5398,3091.0;1986,34988,3453.0;1986,34989,4411.0;1987,246,667.0;1987,19,556.0;1987,31,3667.0;1987,34,6547.0;1987,37,5069.0;1987,43,3018.0;1987,174,400.0;1987,170,5123.0;1987,169,3134.0;1987,168,3200.0;1987,166,2485.0;1987,143,5382.0;1987,164,2320.0;1987,167,2910.0;1987,200,969.0;1987,160,2406.0;1987,201,1851.0;1987,259,10000.0;1987,159,1122.0;1987,202,3223.0;1987,153,787.0;1987,150,2545.0;1987,206,9739.0;1987,252,1250.0;1987,148,6271.0;1987,147,3000.0;1987,146,538.0;1987,145,5189.0;1987,139,10000.0;1987,137,3500.0;1987,136,8139.0;1987,132,7080.0;1987,121,1054.0;1987,118,4247.0;1987,116,9003.0;1987,113,6121.0;1987,105,1538.0;1987,103,2143.0;1987,34984,4714.0;1987,100,2983.0;1987,99,3493.0;1987,97,4766.0;1987,96,5060.0;1987,229,8333.0;1987,230,2344.0;1987,239,3182.0;1987,232,1583.0;1987,87,4273.0;1987,195,4965.0;1987,141,2901.0;1987,234,1467.0;1987,75,5000.0;1987,3897,1250.0;1987,74,3071.0;1987,235,4000.0;1987,73,1001.0;1987,68,556.0;1987,64,6194.0;1987,221,5309.0;1987,238,2250.0;1987,355,3897.0;1987,273,3534.0;1987,462,4207.0;1987,463,2627.0;1987,466,3720.0;1987,290,3935.0;1987,477,5460.0;1987,436,2579.0;1987,295,4068.0;1987,275,8019.0;1987,470,3319.0;1987,471,8525.0;1987,277,3600.0;1987,478,3608.0;1987,34752,4714.0;1987,479,3183.0;1987,454,2591.0;1987,34987,4473.0;1987,5398,2801.0;1987,34988,3609.0;1987,34989,4460.0;1988,246,667.0;1988,19,556.0;1988,31,3167.0;1988,34,6536.0;1988,37,5613.0;1988,43,3081.0;1988,174,409.0;1988,170,4818.0;1988,169,3284.0;1988,168,2839.0;1988,166,1893.0;1988,143,5312.0;1988,164,2567.0;1988,167,3316.0;1988,200,706.0;1988,160,3191.0;1988,201,2613.0;1988,259,10000.0;1988,159,1107.0;1988,202,1773.0;1988,153,901.0;1988,150,3426.0;1988,206,8888.0;1988,252,1250.0;1988,148,6633.0;1988,147,5556.0;1988,146,538.0;1988,145,4940.0;1988,139,10000.0;1988,137,3000.0;1988,136,7375.0;1988,132,3442.0;1988,121,1158.0;1988,118,4800.0;1988,116,9880.0;1988,113,7590.0;1988,105,1538.0;1988,103,3614.0;1988,34984,4583.0;1988,100,2850.0;1988,99,3883.0;1988,97,5133.0;1988,96,5124.0;1988,229,8333.0;1988,230,2462.0;1988,239,2273.0;1988,232,1942.0;1988,87,4558.0;1988,195,5050.0;1988,141,4114.0;1988,234,989.0;1988,75,5000.0;1988,3897,1000.0;1988,74,2296.0;1988,235,4000.0;1988,73,1070.0;1988,68,896.0;1988,64,6197.0;1988,221,3780.0;1988,238,2330.0;1988,355,4533.0;1988,273,4145.0;1988,462,4394.0;1988,463,2686.0;1988,466,4410.0;1988,290,4513.0;1988,477,6381.0;1988,436,3056.0;1988,295,4553.0;1988,275,8467.0;1988,470,3339.0;1988,471,8878.0;1988,277,3879.0;1988,478,3914.0;1988,34752,4583.0;1988,479,2300.0;1988,454,2597.0;1988,34987,4205.0;1988,5398,3234.0;1988,34988,4216.0;1988,34989,4665.0;1989,246,3333.0;1989,19,556.0;1989,31,1529.0;1989,34,6571.0;1989,37,5946.0;1989,43,2993.0;1989,174,418.0;1989,170,4690.0;1989,169,3284.0;1989,168,3691.0;1989,166,2426.0;1989,143,5684.0;1989,164,2959.0;1989,167,3302.0;1989,200,775.0;1989,160,4090.0;1989,201,2527.0;1989,259,10000.0;1989,159,888.0;1989,202,2379.0;1989,153,900.0;1989,150,4213.0;1989,206,9200.0;1989,252,1250.0;1989,148,6402.0;1989,147,7556.0;1989,146,563.0;1989,145,5000.0;1989,139,4154.0;1989,137,3000.0;1989,136,8185.0;1989,132,3080.0;1989,121,2000.0;1989,118,4744.0;1989,116,9201.0;1989,113,7617.0;1989,105,1500.0;1989,103,3616.0;1989,34984,4521.0;1989,100,2596.0;1989,99,4974.0;1989,97,5422.0;1989,96,5141.0;1989,229,8333.0;1989,230,2462.0;1989,239,2237.0;1989,232,1467.0;1989,87,4400.0;1989,195,5000.0;1989,141,4509.0;1989,234,1111.0;1989,75,5000.0;1989,3897,1000.0;1989,74,2124.0;1989,235,4000.0;1989,73,1066.0;1989,68,922.0;1989,64,6200.0;1989,221,4157.0;1989,238,2370.0;1989,355,4789.0;1989,273,4370.0;1989,462,3896.0;1989,463,2583.0;1989,466,4722.0;1989,290,4697.0;1989,477,6059.0;1989,436,3806.0;1989,295,4701.0;1989,275,8348.0;1989,470,3455.0;1989,471,8683.0;1989,277,4842.0;1989,478,4908.0;1989,34752,4521.0;1989,479,2275.0;1989,454,2622.0;1989,34987,3539.0;1989,5398,3971.0;1989,34988,4474.0;1989,34989,4915.0;1990,246,667.0;1990,19,522.0;1990,31,2272.0;1990,34,6511.0;1990,37,3854.0;1990,43,3194.0;1990,174,633.0;1990,170,4652.0;1990,169,3793.0;1990,168,4111.0;1990,166,2009.0;1990,143,5155.0;1990,164,2876.0;1990,167,3301.0;1990,200,927.0;1990,160,3567.0;1990,201,2944.0;1990,259,10546.0;1990,159,970.0;1990,202,1911.0;1990,153,683.0;1990,150,4232.0;1990,206,10000.0;1990,252,1212.0;1990,148,6383.0;1990,147,4000.0;1990,146,2600.0;1990,145,5031.0;1990,139,4083.0;1990,137,3000.0;1990,136,8963.0;1990,132,4612.0;1990,121,1429.0;1990,118,5294.0;1990,116,8300.0;1990,113,5879.0;1990,105,1538.0;1990,103,3413.0;1990,34984,3784.0;1990,100,2516.0;1990,99,4308.0;1990,97,4771.0;1990,96,5359.0;1990,229,8000.0;1990,230,2519.0;1990,239,2143.0;1990,232,1158.0;1990,87,4174.0;1990,195,4994.0;1990,141,4877.0;1990,234,994.0;1990,75,4193.0;1990,3897,1088.0;1990,74,2004.0;1990,73,1172.0;1990,68,1000.0;1990,64,6069.0;1990,221,4357.0;1990,238,2480.0;1990,355,4434.0;1990,273,4215.0;1990,462,3314.0;1990,463,2681.0;1990,466,4472.0;1990,290,3726.0;1990,477,4996.0;1990,436,3439.0;1990,295,3651.0;1990,275,8121.0;1990,470,3563.0;1990,471,8395.0;1990,277,4283.0;1990,478,4313.0;1990,34752,3784.0;1990,479,2127.0;1990,454,2555.0;1990,34987,2851.0;1990,5398,3543.0;1990,34988,4298.0;1990,34989,4555.0;1991,246,667.0;1991,19,844.0;1991,31,1422.0;1991,34,6599.0;1991,37,4806.0;1991,43,3000.0;1991,174,487.0;1991,170,4651.0;1991,169,3162.0;1991,168,3841.0;1991,166,2267.0;1991,143,5416.0;1991,164,2496.0;1991,167,3305.0;1991,200,865.0;1991,160,4011.0;1991,201,3026.0;1991,259,2866.0;1991,159,1031.0;1991,202,1686.0;1991,153,1001.0;1991,150,3354.0;1991,206,9659.0;1991,252,1200.0;1991,148,6436.0;1991,147,4502.0;1991,146,2849.0;1991,145,4615.0;1991,139,4125.0;1991,137,3000.0;1991,136,9508.0;1991,132,3808.0;1991,121,1000.0;1991,118,4806.0;1991,116,5765.0;1991,113,6351.0;1991,105,1538.0;1991,103,3691.0;1991,100,2765.0;1991,99,4120.0;1991,97,5370.0;1991,96,5544.0;1991,229,7714.0;1991,230,2576.0;1991,239,2200.0;1991,232,1185.0;1991,87,3840.0;1991,195,5000.0;1991,141,5359.0;1991,234,1469.0;1991,75,10232.0;1991,3897,807.0;1991,74,1464.0;1991,73,1143.0;1991,68,1143.0;1991,64,6158.0;1991,221,5397.0;1991,238,2562.0;1991,355,4464.0;1991,273,4155.0;1991,462,3232.0;1991,463,2615.0;1991,466,4411.0;1991,290,4230.0;1991,477,5339.0;1991,436,3686.0;1991,295,4208.0;1991,275,6760.0;1991,470,3713.0;1991,471,6905.0;1991,277,4185.0;1991,478,4207.0;1991,479,2177.0;1991,454,2579.0;1991,34987,2864.0;1991,5398,3625.0;1991,34988,4217.0;1991,34989,4772.0;1992,246,667.0;1992,19,909.0;1992,31,1796.0;1992,34,6387.0;1992,37,4491.0;1992,43,2878.0;1992,174,489.0;1992,170,4583.0;1992,169,3177.0;1992,168,3911.0;1992,166,2222.0;1992,143,5607.0;1992,164,3415.0;1992,167,3200.0;1992,200,869.0;1992,160,4163.0;1992,201,2874.0;1992,259,2873.0;1992,159,661.0;1992,202,899.0;1992,153,1463.0;1992,150,4330.0;1992,206,9033.0;1992,252,1200.0;1992,148,6250.0;1992,147,4400.0;1992,146,2905.0;1992,145,4591.0;1992,139,4154.0;1992,137,3000.0;1992,136,10926.0;1992,132,3796.0;1992,121,1063.0;1992,118,7536.0;1992,116,5812.0;1992,113,5648.0;1992,105,1538.0;1992,103,4000.0;1992,100,2574.0;1992,99,4190.0;1992,97,5357.0;1992,96,4489.0;1992,229,7500.0;1992,230,2632.0;1992,239,2222.0;1992,232,1733.0;1992,87,2700.0;1992,195,5011.0;1992,141,6722.0;1992,234,1273.0;1992,75,10427.0;1992,3897,2320.0;1992,74,2000.0;1992,73,1035.0;1992,68,1143.0;1992,64,6058.0;1992,221,5428.0;1992,238,2450.0;1992,355,4671.0;1992,273,4501.0;1992,462,3824.0;1992,463,2476.0;1992,466,4835.0;1992,290,4059.0;1992,477,4949.0;1992,436,3914.0;1992,295,4002.0;1992,275,7278.0;1992,470,4113.0;1992,471,7432.0;1992,277,4089.0;1992,478,4171.0;1992,479,2217.0;1992,454,2177.0;1992,34987,2809.0;1992,5398,3787.0;1992,34988,4576.0;1992,34989,4940.0;1993,246,667.0;1993,19,806.0;1993,31,1304.0;1993,34,6625.0;1993,37,4643.0;1993,43,3069.0;1993,174,490.0;1993,170,4574.0;1993,169,3192.0;1993,168,3902.0;1993,166,2333.0;1993,143,5677.0;1993,164,1977.0;1993,167,3105.0;1993,200,750.0;1993,160,4461.0;1993,201,2583.0;1993,259,2879.0;1993,159,830.0;1993,202,884.0;1993,153,1092.0;1993,150,3627.0;1993,206,9400.0;1993,148,5591.0;1993,147,4668.0;1993,146,2960.0;1993,145,4545.0;1993,139,4202.0;1993,137,3000.0;1993,136,8615.0;1993,132,3783.0;1993,121,775.0;1993,118,9956.0;1993,116,6667.0;1993,113,7034.0;1993,105,1538.0;1993,103,4163.0;1993,100,2357.0;1993,99,4070.0;1993,97,5301.0;1993,96,4589.0;1993,229,8118.0;1993,230,2607.0;1993,239,2190.0;1993,232,1859.0;1993,87,3517.0;1993,195,5072.0;1993,141,6126.0;1993,234,1796.0;1993,75,10622.0;1993,3897,2424.0;1993,74,2250.0;1993,73,1111.0;1993,68,1429.0;1993,64,5714.0;1993,221,6051.0;1993,238,2460.0;1993,355,4717.0;1993,273,4480.0;1993,462,4315.0;1993,463,2730.0;1993,466,4742.0;1993,290,4161.0;1993,477,5948.0;1993,436,3998.0;1993,295,4031.0;1993,275,7404.0;1993,470,3679.0;1993,471,7558.0;1993,277,4106.0;1993,478,4150.0;1993,479,2180.0;1993,454,2701.0;1993,34987,3057.0;1993,5398,3850.0;1993,34988,4521.0;1993,34989,5072.0;1994,246,615.0;1994,19,795.0;1994,31,405.0;1994,34,6784.0;1994,37,4732.0;1994,43,3057.0;1994,174,492.0;1994,170,4664.0;1994,169,3207.0;1994,168,3751.0;1994,166,1667.0;1994,143,5391.0;1994,164,1456.0;1994,167,3019.0;1994,200,932.0;1994,160,4996.0;1994,201,2494.0;1994,259,2886.0;1994,159,643.0;1994,202,568.0;1994,153,718.0;1994,150,4196.0;1994,206,9138.0;1994,148,5662.0;1994,147,4737.0;1994,146,3014.0;1994,145,4615.0;1994,139,4167.0;1994,137,5674.0;1994,136,6731.0;1994,132,3873.0;1994,121,1117.0;1994,118,6667.0;1994,116,6530.0;1994,113,5447.0;1994,105,1538.0;1994,103,4301.0;1994,100,2468.0;1994,99,3909.0;1994,97,5684.0;1994,96,4921.0;1994,229,7286.0;1994,230,2612.0;1994,239,2222.0;1994,232,1875.0;1994,87,3668.0;1994,195,5562.0;1994,141,5870.0;1994,234,2544.0;1994,75,10817.0;1994,3897,904.0;1994,74,2619.0;1994,73,1031.0;1994,68,1619.0;1994,64,4000.0;1994,221,3652.0;1994,238,2460.0;1994,355,4637.0;1994,273,4508.0;1994,462,3235.0;1994,463,2679.0;1994,466,4801.0;1994,290,4131.0;1994,477,4770.0;1994,436,4407.0;1994,295,4035.0;1994,275,6576.0;1994,470,5741.0;1994,471,6599.0;1994,277,3871.0;1994,478,3904.0;1994,479,2208.0;1994,454,2579.0;1994,34987,3212.0;1994,5398,4008.0;1994,34988,4569.0;1994,34989,4891.0;1995,246,615.0;1995,19,788.0;1995,31,804.0;1995,34,6748.0;1995,37,4017.0;1995,43,3722.0;1995,174,494.0;1995,170,4656.0;1995,169,3232.0;1995,168,4044.0;1995,166,1667.0;1995,143,5895.0;1995,164,2416.0;1995,167,2904.0;1995,200,775.0;1995,160,4220.0;1995,201,2447.0;1995,259,2892.0;1995,159,1062.0;1995,202,350.0;1995,153,855.0;1995,150,4039.0;1995,206,9088.0;1995,148,5257.0;1995,147,4759.0;1995,146,3068.0;1995,145,4643.0;1995,139,4211.0;1995,137,5381.0;1995,136,7439.0;1995,132,3971.0;1995,121,1296.0;1995,118,8696.0;1995,116,6912.0;1995,113,5404.0;1995,222,4286.0;1995,105,1471.0;1995,103,2576.0;1995,100,2429.0;1995,99,4027.0;1995,97,6250.0;1995,96,4883.0;1995,229,7000.0;1995,230,2571.0;1995,239,2185.0;1995,232,1836.0;1995,87,3704.0;1995,195,4964.0;1995,141,6262.0;1995,234,1471.0;1995,75,11013.0;1995,3897,1526.0;1995,74,2804.0;1995,73,1068.0;1995,68,1818.0;1995,64,6279.0;1995,221,5735.0;1995,238,2788.0;1995,355,4562.0;1995,273,4508.0;1995,462,4368.0;1995,463,3291.0;1995,466,4660.0;1995,290,3786.0;1995,477,4797.0;1995,436,3912.0;1995,295,3675.0;1995,275,7150.0;1995,470,5688.0;1995,471,7191.0;1995,277,3973.0;1995,478,4021.0;1995,34752,4286.0;1995,479,2174.0;1995,454,2888.0;1995,34987,3306.0;1995,5398,3782.0;1995,34988,4545.0;1995,34989,5393.0;1996,246,616.0;1996,19,785.0;1996,31,1763.0;1996,34,6713.0;1996,37,3879.0;1996,43,3412.0;1996,174,496.0;1996,170,4380.0;1996,169,2772.0;1996,168,3097.0;1996,166,1667.0;1996,143,6016.0;1996,164,2175.0;1996,167,2840.0;1996,200,769.0;1996,160,4909.0;1996,201,2681.0;1996,259,2899.0;1996,159,972.0;1996,202,500.0;1996,153,860.0;1996,150,3838.0;1996,206,9011.0;1996,252,1200.0;1996,148,5409.0;1996,147,4800.0;1996,146,3120.0;1996,145,4667.0;1996,139,4154.0;1996,137,5333.0;1996,136,8800.0;1996,132,4397.0;1996,121,1243.0;1996,118,9247.0;1996,116,7138.0;1996,113,4317.0;1996,222,4243.0;1996,105,1333.0;1996,103,4371.0;1996,100,2472.0;1996,99,4000.0;1996,97,7102.0;1996,96,4978.0;1996,229,7314.0;1996,230,2606.0;1996,239,2178.0;1996,232,1975.0;1996,87,3793.0;1996,195,4979.0;1996,141,6283.0;1996,234,1366.0;1996,75,11208.0;1996,3897,741.0;1996,74,3064.0;1996,73,1118.0;1996,68,2000.0;1996,64,6374.0;1996,221,5869.0;1996,238,2792.0;1996,355,4870.0;1996,273,4839.0;1996,462,4407.0;1996,463,3010.0;1996,466,5064.0;1996,290,3739.0;1996,477,3984.0;1996,436,4335.0;1996,295,3626.0;1996,275,8129.0;1996,470,5646.0;1996,471,8203.0;1996,277,3951.0;1996,478,3991.0;1996,34752,4243.0;1996,479,2167.0;1996,454,2854.0;1996,34987,3330.0;1996,5398,4039.0;1996,34988,4875.0;1996,34989,5536.0;1997,246,616.0;1997,19,731.0;1997,31,1522.0;1997,34,6897.0;1997,37,3884.0;1997,43,3374.0;1997,174,497.0;1997,170,4590.0;1997,169,3243.0;1997,168,3233.0;1997,166,3636.0;1997,143,6124.0;1997,164,1762.0;1997,167,2900.0;1997,200,885.0;1997,160,4118.0;1997,201,2443.0;1997,259,2906.0;1997,159,1004.0;1997,202,480.0;1997,153,858.0;1997,150,3000.0;1997,206,9932.0;1997,252,1200.0;1997,148,5196.0;1997,147,4846.0;1997,146,3171.0;1997,145,4722.0;1997,139,4146.0;1997,137,4597.0;1997,136,8528.0;1997,132,4468.0;1997,121,1200.0;1997,118,9247.0;1997,116,7525.0;1997,113,5124.0;1997,222,4249.0;1997,105,1333.0;1997,103,4303.0;1997,100,2495.0;1997,99,4348.0;1997,97,6095.0;1997,96,5177.0;1997,229,7565.0;1997,230,2639.0;1997,239,2172.0;1997,232,1961.0;1997,87,3714.0;1997,195,5581.0;1997,141,6340.0;1997,234,870.0;1997,75,11998.0;1997,3897,537.0;1997,74,3867.0;1997,73,1055.0;1997,68,2115.0;1997,64,6957.0;1997,221,5857.0;1997,238,2984.0;1997,355,4682.0;1997,273,4603.0;1997,462,4628.0;1997,463,2995.0;1997,466,4813.0;1997,290,3695.0;1997,477,4902.0;1997,436,3778.0;1997,295,3582.0;1997,275,8064.0;1997,470,5155.0;1997,471,8162.0;1997,277,4371.0;1997,478,4419.0;1997,34752,4249.0;1997,479,2161.0;1997,454,3005.0;1997,34987,3410.0;1997,5398,3869.0;1997,34988,4651.0;1997,34989,5562.0;1998,246,616.0;1998,19,785.0;1998,31,1327.0;1998,34,6897.0;1998,37,3956.0;1998,43,3326.0;1998,174,499.0;1998,170,5312.0;1998,169,3284.0;1998,168,3274.0;1998,166,4245.0;1998,143,6673.0;1998,164,2650.0;1998,167,2985.0;1998,200,825.0;1998,160,4417.0;1998,201,1166.0;1998,259,2929.0;1998,159,1037.0;1998,202,556.0;1998,153,769.0;1998,150,3000.0;1998,206,9923.0;1998,252,1200.0;1998,148,5257.0;1998,147,4737.0;1998,146,3221.0;1998,145,4777.0;1998,139,4154.0;1998,137,4387.0;1998,136,11323.0;1998,132,3948.0;1998,121,1333.0;1998,118,9247.0;1998,116,7663.0;1998,113,5183.0;1998,222,4255.0;1998,105,1333.0;1998,103,4980.0;1998,100,1713.0;1998,99,3137.0;1998,97,6363.0;1998,96,4938.0;1998,229,7667.0;1998,230,2740.0;1998,239,2167.0;1998,232,1964.0;1998,87,3816.0;1998,195,4928.0;1998,141,6527.0;1998,234,755.0;1998,75,12798.0;1998,3897,600.0;1998,74,4357.0;1998,73,1058.0;1998,68,2188.0;1998,64,6637.0;1998,221,5769.0;1998,238,2957.0;1998,355,4962.0;1998,273,4819.0;1998,462,4620.0;1998,463,2997.0;1998,466,5036.0;1998,290,3599.0;1998,477,4879.0;1998,436,4144.0;1998,295,3402.0;1998,275,10156.0;1998,470,5080.0;1998,471,10324.0;1998,277,3234.0;1998,478,3256.0;1998,34752,4255.0;1998,479,2156.0;1998,454,3170.0;1998,34987,3445.0;1998,5398,3679.0;1998,34988,4826.0;1998,34989,6000.0;1999,246,617.0;1999,19,667.0;1999,31,3026.0;1999,34,7216.0;1999,37,3010.0;1999,43,3135.0;1999,174,501.0;1999,170,5265.0;1999,169,3333.0;1999,168,3000.0;1999,166,2446.0;1999,143,6121.0;1999,164,2291.0;1999,167,2854.0;1999,200,952.0;1999,160,2367.0;1999,201,3144.0;1999,259,2938.0;1999,159,1100.0;1999,202,320.0;1999,153,875.0;1999,150,3340.0;1999,206,9939.0;1999,252,1200.0;1999,148,5233.0;1999,147,4250.0;1999,146,3271.0;1999,145,4853.0;1999,139,4182.0;1999,137,4191.0;1999,136,5502.0;1999,132,3700.0;1999,121,1330.0;1999,118,9237.0;1999,116,8303.0;1999,113,4793.0;1999,222,4259.0;1999,105,1379.0;1999,103,3022.0;1999,100,1840.0;1999,99,3747.0;1999,97,6099.0;1999,96,5105.0;1999,229,7429.0;1999,230,2593.0;1999,239,2174.0;1999,232,1908.0;1999,87,3640.0;1999,195,4519.0;1999,141,6596.0;1999,234,577.0;1999,75,11626.0;1999,3897,920.0;1999,74,3271.0;1999,73,1055.0;1999,68,2672.0;1999,64,7011.0;1999,221,5569.0;1999,238,2734.0;1999,355,4339.0;1999,273,4404.0;1999,462,4987.0;1999,463,2799.0;1999,466,4592.0;1999,290,3333.0;1999,477,4487.0;1999,436,2487.0;1999,295,3332.0;1999,275,5830.0;1999,470,4943.0;1999,471,5850.0;1999,277,3763.0;1999,478,3799.0;1999,34752,4259.0;1999,479,2163.0;1999,454,2816.0;1999,34987,3815.0;1999,5398,2924.0;1999,34988,4433.0;1999,34989,5503.0;2000,246,617.0;2000,19,909.0;2000,31,3659.0;2000,34,7350.0;2000,37,2788.0;2000,43,3298.0;2000,174,503.0;2000,170,4418.0;2000,169,3333.0;2000,168,3000.0;2000,166,1994.0;2000,143,7006.0;2000,164,4074.0;2000,167,3030.0;2000,200,1000.0;2000,160,2662.0;2000,201,2479.0;2000,259,3061.0;2000,159,1089.0;2000,202,233.0;2000,153,769.0;2000,150,2911.0;2000,206,9967.0;2000,252,1200.0;2000,148,5134.0;2000,147,4125.0;2000,146,3320.0;2000,145,5000.0;2000,139,4167.0;2000,137,3930.0;2000,136,5616.0;2000,132,2973.0;2000,121,1292.0;2000,118,9411.0;2000,116,9265.0;2000,113,3461.0;2000,222,4263.0;2000,105,1316.0;2000,103,3499.0;2000,100,1483.0;2000,99,4776.0;2000,97,6067.0;2000,96,5488.0;2000,229,7667.0;2000,230,2537.0;2000,239,2165.0;2000,232,1424.0;2000,87,3000.0;2000,195,3860.0;2000,141,6814.0;2000,234,449.0;2000,75,10423.0;2000,3897,919.0;2000,74,3939.0;2000,73,1062.0;2000,68,2880.0;2000,64,7000.0;2000,221,5193.0;2000,238,2847.0;2000,355,4439.0;2000,273,4652.0;2000,462,4878.0;2000,463,2926.0;2000,466,4832.0;2000,290,2933.0;2000,477,3398.0;2000,436,2739.0;2000,295,2924.0;2000,275,5911.0;2000,470,4655.0;2000,471,5943.0;2000,277,4669.0;2000,478,4723.0;2000,34752,4263.0;2000,479,2154.0;2000,454,2647.0;2000,34987,3943.0;2000,5398,3308.0;2000,34988,4690.0;2000,34989,6189.0;2001,246,618.0;2001,19,922.0;2001,31,4211.0;2001,34,7372.0;2001,37,2789.0;2001,43,3347.0;2001,174,505.0;2001,170,4499.0;2001,169,3318.0;2001,168,3000.0;2001,166,1994.0;2001,143,6821.0;2001,164,4491.0;2001,167,3005.0;2001,200,964.0;2001,160,3570.0;2001,201,1770.0;2001,259,3200.0;2001,159,1000.0;2001,202,133.0;2001,153,706.0;2001,150,2886.0;2001,206,9971.0;2001,252,1200.0;2001,148,5134.0;2001,147,4000.0;2001,146,3368.0;2001,145,4778.0;2001,139,6082.0;2001,137,4155.0;2001,136,7013.0;2001,132,4107.0;2001,121,1000.0;2001,118,9443.0;2001,116,9956.0;2001,113,5629.0;2001,222,4266.0;2001,105,1538.0;2001,103,3520.0;2001,100,1353.0;2001,99,4274.0;2001,97,5172.0;2001,96,5444.0;2001,229,7500.0;2001,230,2667.0;2001,239,2170.0;2001,232,1522.0;2001,87,2750.0;2001,195,4076.0;2001,141,6779.0;2001,234,513.0;2001,75,12239.0;2001,3897,919.0;2001,74,4245.0;2001,73,1053.0;2001,68,2782.0;2001,64,6999.0;2001,221,4994.0;2001,238,2948.0;2001,355,4500.0;2001,273,4538.0;2001,462,4806.0;2001,463,2964.0;2001,466,4713.0;2001,290,2925.0;2001,477,5232.0;2001,436,3571.0;2001,295,2667.0;2001,275,7136.0;2001,470,4791.0;2001,471,7194.0;2001,277,4220.0;2001,478,4269.0;2001,34752,4266.0;2001,479,2159.0;2001,454,2728.0;2001,34987,3850.0;2001,5398,3615.0;2001,34988,4570.0;2001,34989,6083.0;2002,246,618.0;2002,19,905.0;2002,31,6500.0;2002,34,7374.0;2002,37,3002.0;2002,43,3416.0;2002,174,506.0;2002,170,4077.0;2002,169,3327.0;2002,168,3004.0;2002,166,1994.0;2002,143,6727.0;2002,164,1973.0;2002,167,3000.0;2002,200,971.0;2002,160,3615.0;2002,201,2420.0;2002,259,3208.0;2002,159,1007.0;2002,202,533.0;2002,153,714.0;2002,150,2850.0;2002,206,9955.0;2002,252,1200.0;2002,148,5185.0;2002,147,5000.0;2002,146,3416.0;2002,145,4901.0;2002,139,7937.0;2002,137,4203.0;2002,136,7970.0;2002,132,3860.0;2002,121,1329.0;2002,118,9443.0;2002,116,9922.0;2002,113,5557.0;2002,222,4267.0;2002,105,2711.0;2002,103,3515.0;2002,100,1311.0;2002,99,4236.0;2002,97,5173.0;2002,96,5035.0;2002,229,8018.0;2002,230,2794.0;2002,239,2174.0;2002,232,1496.0;2002,87,3194.0;2002,195,4153.0;2002,141,6021.0;2002,234,581.0;2002,75,11032.0;2002,3897,918.0;2002,74,4167.0;2002,73,1174.0;2002,68,2465.0;2002,64,7000.0;2002,221,4987.0;2002,238,2930.0;2002,355,4734.0;2002,273,4610.0;2002,462,4840.0;2002,463,3121.0;2002,466,4767.0;2002,290,3212.0;2002,477,5290.0;2002,436,3420.0;2002,295,3003.0;2002,275,7952.0;2002,470,4623.0;2002,471,8036.0;2002,277,4193.0;2002,478,4236.0;2002,34752,4267.0;2002,479,2163.0;2002,454,3069.0;2002,34987,3682.0;2002,5398,3550.0;2002,34988,4624.0;2002,34989,6080.0;2003,246,618.0;2003,19,909.0;2003,31,6833.0;2003,34,8049.0;2003,37,2877.0;2003,43,3444.0;2003,174,507.0;2003,170,4805.0;2003,169,3333.0;2003,168,3030.0;2003,166,1994.0;2003,143,6758.0;2003,164,2273.0;2003,167,3000.0;2003,200,1023.0;2003,160,3765.0;2003,201,2533.0;2003,259,3091.0;2003,159,1009.0;2003,202,1267.0;2003,153,706.0;2003,150,3313.0;2003,206,9952.0;2003,252,1200.0;2003,148,12571.0;2003,147,6250.0;2003,146,3465.0;2003,145,4879.0;2003,139,8006.0;2003,137,3835.0;2003,136,7235.0;2003,132,3694.0;2003,121,1667.0;2003,118,9443.0;2003,116,8080.0;2003,113,6176.0;2003,222,4262.0;2003,105,2750.0;2003,103,3842.0;2003,100,1191.0;2003,99,4337.0;2003,97,4864.0;2003,96,5249.0;2003,229,9194.0;2003,230,2687.0;2003,239,2174.0;2003,232,1364.0;2003,87,3636.0;2003,195,4170.0;2003,141,6812.0;2003,234,535.0;2003,75,19353.0;2003,3897,920.0;2003,74,2684.0;2003,73,1036.0;2003,68,2676.0;2003,64,6923.0;2003,221,5070.0;2003,238,3027.0;2003,355,4812.0;2003,273,4750.0;2003,462,5005.0;2003,463,3146.0;2003,466,4936.0;2003,290,3309.0;2003,477,6033.0;2003,436,3593.0;2003,295,3037.0;2003,275,7179.0;2003,470,4192.0;2003,471,7252.0;2003,277,4288.0;2003,478,4332.0;2003,34752,4262.0;2003,479,2163.0;2003,454,3158.0;2003,34987,3874.0;2003,5398,3638.0;2003,34988,4763.0;2003,34989,6124.0;2004,246,618.0;2004,19,1013.0;2004,31,7407.0;2004,34,8173.0;2004,37,3068.0;2004,43,3403.0;2004,174,511.0;2004,170,5260.0;2004,169,3341.0;2004,168,2949.0;2004,166,1994.0;2004,143,6864.0;2004,164,3192.0;2004,167,3000.0;2004,200,994.0;2004,160,3815.0;2004,201,2666.0;2004,259,3333.0;2004,159,1000.0;2004,202,480.0;2004,153,690.0;2004,150,3685.0;2004,206,9909.0;2004,252,1200.0;2004,148,20000.0;2004,147,5765.0;2004,146,3516.0;2004,145,4898.0;2004,139,8048.0;2004,137,3669.0;2004,136,6340.0;2004,132,3566.0;2004,121,1561.0;2004,118,9421.0;2004,116,8027.0;2004,113,5437.0;2004,222,4249.0;2004,105,2759.0;2004,103,3879.0;2004,100,1194.0;2004,99,4010.0;2004,97,5095.0;2004,96,5208.0;2004,229,10360.0;2004,230,2794.0;2004,239,2170.0;2004,232,1190.0;2004,87,3750.0;2004,195,4181.0;2004,141,6770.0;2004,234,462.0;2004,75,24936.0;2004,3897,924.0;2004,74,6200.0;2004,73,1057.0;2004,68,3169.0;2004,64,7000.0;2004,221,5088.0;2004,238,3147.0;2004,355,4779.0;2004,273,4812.0;2004,462,5190.0;2004,463,3149.0;2004,466,4992.0;2004,290,3420.0;2004,477,5631.0;2004,436,3628.0;2004,295,3206.0;2004,275,6335.0;2004,470,3990.0;2004,471,6393.0;2004,277,3996.0;2004,478,4035.0;2004,34752,4249.0;2004,479,2159.0;2004,454,3633.0;2004,34987,4234.0;2004,5398,3580.0;2004,34988,4816.0;2004,34989,6258.0;2005,246,617.0;2005,19,1062.0;2005,31,7333.0;2005,34,8251.0;2005,37,3336.0;2005,43,3500.0;2005,174,497.0;2005,170,4600.0;2005,169,3345.0;2005,168,2667.0;2005,166,1143.0;2005,143,5864.0;2005,164,5099.0;2005,167,3000.0;2005,200,1023.0;2005,160,2047.0;2005,201,2618.0;2005,259,3000.0;2005,159,1003.0;2005,202,560.0;2005,153,750.0;2005,150,4000.0;2005,206,1424.0;2005,252,1200.0;2005,148,27509.0;2005,147,5137.0;2005,146,3567.0;2005,145,4878.0;2005,139,8143.0;2005,137,3326.0;2005,136,6416.0;2005,132,3056.0;2005,121,1765.0;2005,118,7811.0;2005,116,8373.0;2005,113,5915.0;2005,222,4234.0;2005,105,2762.0;2005,103,3636.0;2005,100,1259.0;2005,99,4345.0;2005,97,5020.0;2005,96,5298.0;2005,229,11802.0;2005,230,2758.0;2005,239,2167.0;2005,232,1316.0;2005,87,4054.0;2005,195,4212.0;2005,141,6551.0;2005,234,455.0;2005,75,22793.0;2005,3897,954.0;2005,74,6625.0;2005,73,963.0;2005,68,3521.0;2005,64,7000.0;2005,221,5144.0;2005,238,3148.0;2005,355,4637.0;2005,273,4595.0;2005,462,5492.0;2005,463,3208.0;2005,466,4711.0;2005,290,3316.0;2005,477,6345.0;2005,436,2214.0;2005,295,3289.0;2005,275,6391.0;2005,470,3628.0;2005,471,6461.0;2005,277,4296.0;2005,478,4336.0;2005,34752,4234.0;2005,479,2156.0;2005,454,4356.0;2005,34987,4477.0;2005,5398,2984.0;2005,34988,4606.0;2005,34989,5400.0;2006,246,667.0;2006,19,1117.0;2006,31,6056.0;2006,34,8378.0;2006,37,3280.0;2006,43,3740.0;2006,174,500.0;2006,170,4560.0;2006,169,3333.0;2006,168,2667.0;2006,166,1178.0;2006,143,6176.0;2006,164,5301.0;2006,167,3000.0;2006,200,1023.0;2006,160,3069.0;2006,201,2502.0;2006,259,2823.0;2006,159,1000.0;2006,202,595.0;2006,153,714.0;2006,150,4000.0;2006,206,2571.0;2006,148,29159.0;2006,147,5183.0;2006,146,3618.0;2006,145,4878.0;2006,139,8000.0;2006,137,3453.0;2006,136,8495.0;2006,132,3306.0;2006,121,1667.0;2006,118,7801.0;2006,116,10195.0;2006,113,6268.0;2006,222,4217.0;2006,105,2500.0;2006,103,4393.0;2006,100,1360.0;2006,99,4258.0;2006,97,5583.0;2006,96,5230.0;2006,229,13750.0;2006,230,2762.0;2006,239,2165.0;2006,232,1345.0;2006,87,3668.0;2006,195,4261.0;2006,141,6446.0;2006,234,427.0;2006,75,23591.0;2006,3897,960.0;2006,74,7019.0;2006,73,1067.0;2006,68,3542.0;2006,64,7000.0;2006,221,4043.0;2006,238,3309.0;2006,355,5051.0;2006,273,4927.0;2006,462,5135.0;2006,463,3488.0;2006,466,5060.0;2006,290,3414.0;2006,477,6383.0;2006,436,3054.0;2006,295,3268.0;2006,275,8355.0;2006,470,3680.0;2006,471,8512.0;2006,277,4212.0;2006,478,4248.0;2006,34752,4217.0;2006,479,2155.0;2006,454,4823.0;2006,34987,4172.0;2006,5398,3434.0;2006,34988,4921.0;2006,34989,5767.0;2007,246,667.0;2007,19,1198.0;2007,31,5000.0;2007,34,8594.0;2007,37,3206.0;2007,43,3866.0;2007,174,556.0;2007,170,4590.0;2007,169,3356.0;2007,168,2593.0;2007,166,1238.0;2007,143,5184.0;2007,164,5000.0;2007,167,3022.0;2007,200,1023.0;2007,160,2827.0;2007,201,2408.0;2007,259,2769.0;2007,159,1000.0;2007,202,560.0;2007,153,769.0;2007,150,4200.0;2007,206,6108.0;2007,148,25518.0;2007,147,6242.0;2007,146,3668.0;2007,145,4885.0;2007,139,5957.0;2007,137,3355.0;2007,136,8009.0;2007,132,5471.0;2007,121,1700.0;2007,118,8655.0;2007,116,12471.0;2007,113,6564.0;2007,222,4375.0;2007,105,2487.0;2007,103,2652.0;2007,100,1358.0;2007,99,4108.0;2007,97,5246.0;2007,96,5245.0;2007,229,16200.0;2007,230,2794.0;2007,239,2255.0;2007,232,1333.0;2007,87,3684.0;2007,195,4342.0;2007,141,6128.0;2007,234,399.0;2007,75,23897.0;2007,3897,966.0;2007,74,6864.0;2007,73,1067.0;2007,68,3302.0;2007,64,7000.0;2007,221,3738.0;2007,238,3322.0;2007,355,4511.0;2007,273,4231.0;2007,462,4910.0;2007,463,3595.0;2007,466,4299.0;2007,290,3364.0;2007,477,6624.0;2007,436,3018.0;2007,295,3201.0;2007,275,7958.0;2007,470,3554.0;2007,471,8108.0;2007,277,4080.0;2007,478,4112.0;2007,34752,4375.0;2007,479,2245.0;2007,454,4669.0;2007,34987,3714.0;2007,5398,3323.0;2007,34988,4241.0;2007,34989,4957.0;2008,246,611.0;2008,19,1255.0;2008,31,4762.0;2008,34,8665.0;2008,37,3150.0;2008,43,3885.0;2008,174,500.0;2008,170,4919.0;2008,169,3371.0;2008,168,3433.0;2008,166,1322.0;2008,143,6011.0;2008,164,3024.0;2008,167,3000.0;2008,200,1023.0;2008,160,2899.0;2008,201,2504.0;2008,259,2353.0;2008,159,1000.0;2008,202,542.0;2008,153,741.0;2008,150,3735.0;2008,206,5000.0;2008,252,1200.0;2008,148,24883.0;2008,147,5606.0;2008,146,3718.0;2008,145,4878.0;2008,139,5714.0;2008,137,3312.0;2008,136,5638.0;2008,132,2985.0;2008,121,1600.0;2008,118,8586.0;2008,116,13556.0;2008,113,6329.0;2008,222,4160.0;2008,105,2500.0;2008,103,2720.0;2008,100,1360.0;2008,99,3902.0;2008,97,5344.0;2008,96,5280.0;2008,229,17496.0;2008,230,2703.0;2008,239,2091.0;2008,232,1333.0;2008,87,3621.0;2008,195,4326.0;2008,141,6394.0;2008,234,385.0;2008,75,22486.0;2008,3897,973.0;2008,74,7603.0;2008,73,1077.0;2008,68,3514.0;2008,64,7000.0;2008,221,6000.0;2008,238,4076.0;2008,355,4460.0;2008,273,4428.0;2008,462,4851.0;2008,463,3668.0;2008,466,4511.0;2008,290,3432.0;2008,477,6357.0;2008,436,3015.0;2008,295,3259.0;2008,275,5697.0;2008,470,3552.0;2008,471,5748.0;2008,277,3931.0;2008,478,3962.0;2008,34752,4160.0;2008,479,2081.0;2008,454,5141.0;2008,34987,3861.0;2008,5398,3317.0;2008,34988,4425.0;2008,34989,5664.0;2009,246,581.0;2009,19,1308.0;2009,31,3223.0;2009,34,5324.0;2009,37,3435.0;2009,43,3925.0;2009,174,500.0;2009,170,4701.0;2009,169,3379.0;2009,168,2667.0;2009,166,1450.0;2009,143,5621.0;2009,164,2725.0;2009,167,3000.0;2009,200,1023.0;2009,160,3589.0;2009,201,3029.0;2009,259,2571.0;2009,159,1000.0;2009,202,714.0;2009,153,745.0;2009,150,4441.0;2009,206,5000.0;2009,252,1200.0;2009,148,24996.0;2009,147,7289.0;2009,146,3769.0;2009,145,4895.0;2009,139,4086.0;2009,137,3471.0;2009,136,5101.0;2009,132,3166.0;2009,121,1704.0;2009,118,8602.0;2009,116,8828.0;2009,113,6316.0;2009,222,4120.0;2009,105,2500.0;2009,103,2684.0;2009,100,1336.0;2009,99,4097.0;2009,97,5548.0;2009,96,5383.0;2009,229,16290.0;2009,230,2800.0;2009,239,2041.0;2009,232,1316.0;2009,87,3571.0;2009,195,4295.0;2009,141,6387.0;2009,234,373.0;2009,75,24483.0;2009,3897,979.0;2009,74,7600.0;2009,73,1071.0;2009,68,3488.0;2009,64,7069.0;2009,221,6000.0;2009,238,4649.0;2009,355,4461.0;2009,273,4465.0;2009,462,4895.0;2009,463,3732.0;2009,466,4550.0;2009,290,3781.0;2009,477,6296.0;2009,436,3598.0;2009,295,3571.0;2009,275,5118.0;2009,470,3689.0;2009,471,5150.0;2009,277,4107.0;2009,478,4138.0;2009,34752,4120.0;2009,479,2030.0;2009,454,5234.0;2009,34987,3667.0;2009,5398,3691.0;2009,34988,4460.0;2009,34989,5418.0;2010,246,562.0;2010,19,1357.0;2010,31,2289.0;2010,34,5341.0;2010,37,3563.0;2010,43,3941.0;2010,174,507.0;2010,170,4134.0;2010,169,3385.0;2010,168,2593.0;2010,166,1464.0;2010,143,5637.0;2010,164,3342.0;2010,167,3001.0;2010,200,1029.0;2010,160,3807.0;2010,201,3669.0;2010,259,2533.0;2010,159,1011.0;2010,202,836.0;2010,153,767.0;2010,150,3950.0;2010,206,5000.0;2010,252,1200.0;2010,148,26850.0;2010,147,6891.0;2010,146,3819.0;2010,145,4903.0;2010,139,5440.0;2010,137,2786.0;2010,136,5114.0;2010,132,3600.0;2010,121,1718.0;2010,118,8860.0;2010,116,13142.0;2010,113,5782.0;2010,222,4077.0;2010,105,2590.0;2010,103,3137.0;2010,100,1191.0;2010,99,4134.0;2010,97,6039.0;2010,96,5304.0;2010,229,17663.0;2010,230,2774.0;2010,239,1977.0;2010,232,1216.0;2010,87,3940.0;2010,195,4301.0;2010,141,6337.0;2010,234,361.0;2010,75,24534.0;2010,3897,985.0;2010,74,7793.0;2010,73,1069.0;2010,68,3628.0;2010,64,7134.0;2010,221,5337.0;2010,238,3901.0;2010,355,4501.0;2010,273,4477.0;2010,462,5166.0;2010,463,3757.0;2010,466,4566.0;2010,290,3952.0;2010,477,5948.0;2010,436,3700.0;2010,295,3815.0;2010,275,5110.0;2010,470,2984.0;2010,471,5172.0;2010,277,4138.0;2010,478,4185.0;2010,34752,4077.0;2010,479,1966.0;2010,454,5091.0;2010,34987,3760.0;2010,5398,3676.0;2010,34988,4468.0;2010,34989,5421.0;2011,246,562.0;2011,19,1401.0;2011,31,1287.0;2011,34,5393.0;2011,37,3652.0;2011,43,3582.0;2011,174,506.0;2011,170,3750.0;2011,169,3392.0;2011,168,2785.0;2011,166,1498.0;2011,143,5617.0;2011,164,2930.0;2011,167,2947.0;2011,200,1041.0;2011,160,3543.0;2011,201,5612.0;2011,259,2269.0;2011,159,1012.0;2011,202,936.0;2011,153,968.0;2011,150,4374.0;2011,206,6364.0;2011,252,1200.0;2011,148,28073.0;2011,147,9429.0;2011,146,3869.0;2011,145,4891.0;2011,139,4977.0;2011,137,2549.0;2011,136,4111.0;2011,132,2495.0;2011,121,1721.0;2011,118,8851.0;2011,116,2209.0;2011,113,5604.0;2011,222,4033.0;2011,105,2704.0;2011,103,3136.0;2011,100,1174.0;2011,99,4092.0;2011,97,6712.0;2011,96,5067.0;2011,229,18646.0;2011,230,2772.0;2011,239,1833.0;2011,232,918.0;2011,87,3600.0;2011,195,4301.0;2011,141,6392.0;2011,234,350.0;2011,75,24186.0;2011,3897,990.0;2011,74,8251.0;2011,73,1067.0;2011,68,3846.0;2011,64,7080.0;2011,221,5119.0;2011,238,4180.0;2011,355,4501.0;2011,273,4642.0;2011,462,5029.0;2011,463,3402.0;2011,466,4794.0;2011,290,4459.0;2011,477,5838.0;2011,436,3592.0;2011,295,4476.0;2011,275,4049.0;2011,470,2715.0;2011,471,4093.0;2011,277,4091.0;2011,478,4132.0;2011,34752,4033.0;2011,479,1824.0;2011,454,5497.0;2011,34987,3932.0;2011,5398,3589.0;2011,34988,4625.0;2011,34989,5490.0;2012,246,561.0;2012,19,1600.0;2012,31,3366.0;2012,34,4529.0;2012,37,3700.0;2012,43,4014.0;2012,174,500.0;2012,170,4049.0;2012,169,3398.0;2012,168,2780.0;2012,166,1502.0;2012,143,5421.0;2012,164,4823.0;2012,167,2890.0;2012,200,1043.0;2012,160,4785.0;2012,201,3417.0;2012,259,2250.0;2012,159,1002.0;2012,202,1263.0;2012,153,286.0;2012,150,5495.0;2012,206,6400.0;2012,252,1200.0;2012,148,28295.0;2012,147,3216.0;2012,146,4019.0;2012,145,4894.0;2012,139,6416.0;2012,137,2063.0;2012,136,3996.0;2012,132,3666.0;2012,121,1702.0;2012,118,8705.0;2012,116,3103.0;2012,113,5481.0;2012,222,3987.0;2012,105,2734.0;2012,103,3018.0;2012,100,1212.0;2012,99,4083.0;2012,97,7440.0;2012,96,5173.0;2012,229,19495.0;2012,230,2756.0;2012,239,1875.0;2012,232,1089.0;2012,87,3600.0;2012,195,3833.0;2012,141,6601.0;2012,234,342.0;2012,75,24049.0;2012,3897,996.0;2012,74,8621.0;2012,73,1064.0;2012,68,3867.0;2012,64,7102.0;2012,221,5147.0;2012,238,5115.0;2012,355,4497.0;2012,273,4757.0;2012,462,5215.0;2012,463,3836.0;2012,466,4867.0;2012,290,4146.0;2012,477,5787.0;2012,436,4655.0;2012,295,3952.0;2012,275,3936.0;2012,470,2239.0;2012,471,3996.0;2012,277,4041.0;2012,478,4089.0;2012,34752,3987.0;2012,479,1865.0;2012,454,3930.0;2012,34987,3846.0;2012,5398,4197.0;2012,34988,4730.0;2012,34989,5277.0;2013,246,561.0;2013,19,1608.0;2013,31,1026.0;2013,34,5403.0;2013,37,3717.0;2013,43,4104.0;2013,174,500.0;2013,170,3012.0;2013,169,3404.0;2013,168,2788.0;2013,166,1502.0;2013,143,5319.0;2013,164,3312.0;2013,167,2840.0;2013,200,1050.0;2013,160,4506.0;2013,201,3192.0;2013,259,2313.0;2013,159,1003.0;2013,202,1211.0;2013,153,571.0;2013,150,5221.0;2013,206,6977.0;2013,252,1200.0;2013,148,29008.0;2013,147,3137.0;2013,146,4091.0;2013,145,4897.0;2013,139,6312.0;2013,137,1970.0;2013,136,4142.0;2013,132,2624.0;2013,121,1400.0;2013,118,8673.0;2013,116,2032.0;2013,113,5361.0;2013,222,3750.0;2013,105,2783.0;2013,103,2948.0;2013,100,1189.0;2013,99,4081.0;2013,97,7288.0;2013,96,5170.0;2013,229,20235.0;2013,230,2803.0;2013,239,1854.0;2013,232,1068.0;2013,87,3536.0;2013,195,3917.0;2013,141,7124.0;2013,234,342.0;2013,75,16341.0;2013,3897,1119.0;2013,74,8961.0;2013,73,611.0;2013,68,3954.0;2013,64,7124.0;2013,221,5139.0;2013,238,4705.0;2013,355,4411.0;2013,273,4633.0;2013,462,5042.0;2013,463,3893.0;2013,466,4723.0;2013,290,3971.0;2013,477,5809.0;2013,436,4365.0;2013,295,3796.0;2013,275,4054.0;2013,470,2140.0;2013,471,4128.0;2013,277,4049.0;2013,478,4095.0;2013,34752,3750.0;2013,479,1844.0;2013,454,3564.0;2013,34987,4130.0;2013,5398,3996.0;2013,34988,4608.0;2013,34989,5155.0;2014,246,560.0;2014,19,1537.0;2014,31,1059.0;2014,34,5050.0;2014,37,3888.0;2014,43,4028.0;2014,174,502.0;2014,170,2978.0;2014,169,3411.0;2014,168,1916.0;2014,166,1474.0;2014,143,5218.0;2014,164,5266.0;2014,167,2618.0;2014,200,1057.0;2014,160,4613.0;2014,201,4192.0;2014,259,5289.0;2014,159,1003.0;2014,202,1000.0;2014,153,627.0;2014,150,5100.0;2014,206,6977.0;2014,252,1200.0;2014,148,29773.0;2014,147,4719.0;2014,146,4003.0;2014,145,4900.0;2014,139,4932.0;2014,137,2113.0;2014,136,4217.0;2014,132,3037.0;2014,121,1418.0;2014,118,8642.0;2014,116,1655.0;2014,113,4523.0;2014,222,3928.0;2014,105,2833.0;2014,103,1804.0;2014,100,1166.0;2014,99,4079.0;2014,97,7657.0;2014,96,4510.0;2014,229,20888.0;2014,230,2800.0;2014,239,1870.0;2014,232,1389.0;2014,87,3609.0;2014,195,3955.0;2014,141,8335.0;2014,234,342.0;2014,75,34286.0;2014,3897,1003.0;2014,74,9300.0;2014,73,700.0;2014,68,4041.0;2014,64,7146.0;2014,221,5132.0;2014,238,3449.0;2014,355,4265.0;2014,273,4316.0;2014,462,5059.0;2014,463,3791.0;2014,466,4372.0;2014,290,4240.0;2014,477,5306.0;2014,436,4508.0;2014,295,4140.0;2014,275,4117.0;2014,470,2298.0;2014,471,4193.0;2014,277,4044.0;2014,478,4089.0;2014,34752,3928.0;2014,479,1861.0;2014,454,4083.0;2014,34987,4113.0;2014,5398,4109.0;2014,34988,4305.0;2014,34989,5117.0
{"1":{"name":"United Kingdom","code":"GBR"},"2":{"name":"Ireland","code":"IRL"},"3":{"name":"France","code":"FRA"},"4":{"name":"Belgium","code":"BEL"},"5":{"name":"Netherlands","code":"NLD"},"6":{"name":"Germany","code":"DEU"},"7":{"name":"Switzerland","code":"CHE"},"8":{"name":"Italy","code":"ITA"},"9":{"name":"Spain","code":"ESP"},"10":{"name":"Sweden","code":"SWE"},"11":{"name":"Poland","code":"POL"},"12":{"name":"Russia","code":"RUS"},"13":{"name":"United States","code":"USA"},"14":{"name":"Japan","code":"JPN"},"15":{"name":"Afghanistan","code":"AFG"},"16":{"name":"Albania","code":"ALB"},"17":{"name":"Algeria","code":"DZA"},"19":{"name":"Angola","code":"AGO"},"20":{"name":"Antigua and Barbuda","code":"ATG"},"21":{"name":"Argentina","code":"ARG"},"22":{"name":"Armenia","code":"ARM"},"23":{"name":"Australia","code":"AUS"},"24":{"name":"Austria","code":"AUT"},"25":{"name":"Azerbaijan","code":"AZE"},"26":{"name":"Bahamas","code":"BHS"},"27":{"name":"Bahrain","code":"BHR"},"28":{"name":"Bangladesh","code":"BGD"},"29":{"name":"Barbados","code":"BRB"},"30":{"name":"Belarus","code":"BLR"},"31":{"name":"Belize","code":"BLZ"},"32":{"name":"Benin","code":"BEN"},"33":{"name":"Bhutan","code":"BTN"},"34":{"name":"Bolivia","code":"BOL"},"35":{"name":"Bosnia and Herzegovina","code":"BIH"},"36":{"name":"Botswana","code":"BWA"},"37":{"name":"Brazil","code":"BRA"},"38":{"name":"Brunei","code":"BRN"},"39":{"name":"Bulgaria","code":"BGR"},"40":{"name":"Burkina Faso","code":"BFA"},"41":{"name":"Burundi","code":"BDI"},"42":{"name":"Cambodia","code":"KHM"},"43":{"name":"Cameroon","code":"CMR"},"44":{"name":"Canada","code":"CAN"},"60":{"name":"Zambia","code":"ZMB"},"61":{"name":"Yemen","code":"YEM"},"62":{"name":"Uzbekistan","code":"UZB"},"63":{"name":"Uruguay","code":"URY"},"64":{"name":"Tanzania","code":"TZA"},"65":{"name":"Egypt","code":"EGY"},"66":{"name":"Macedonia","code":"MKD"},"67":{"name":"Ukraine","code":"UKR"},"68":{"name":"Uganda","code":"UGA"},"69":{"name":"Turkmenistan","code":"TKM"},"70":{"name":"Turkey","code":"TUR"},"71":{"name":"Tunisia","code":"TUN"},"72":{"name":"United Arab Emirates","code":"ARE"},"73":{"name":"Trinidad and Tobago","code":"TTO"},"74":{"name":"Togo","code":"TGO"},"75":{"name":"Thailand","code":"THA"},"76":{"name":"Tajikistan","code":"TJK"},"77":{"name":"Syria","code":"SYR"},"78":{"name":"Swaziland","code":"SWZ"},"79":{"name":"Sudan","code":"SDN"},"80":{"name":"Zimbabwe","code":"ZWE"},"81":{"name":"South Africa","code":"ZAF"},"82":{"name":"Somalia","code":"SOM"},"83":{"name":"Slovenia","code":"SVN"},"84":{"name":"Vietnam","code":"VNM"},"85":{"name":"Slovakia","code":"SVK"},"86":{"name":"Singapore","code":"SGP"},"87":{"name":"Sierra Leone","code":"SLE"},"88":{"name":"Serbia","code":"SRB"},"89":{"name":"Senegal","code":"SEN"},"90":{"name":"Saudi Arabia","code":"SAU"},"91":{"name":"Rwanda","code":"RWA"},"92":{"name":"Romania","code":"ROU"},"93":{"name":"Puerto Rico","code":"PRI"},"94":{"name":"Guinea-Bissau","code":"GNB"},"95":{"name":"Portugal","code":"PRT"},"96":{"name":"Philippines","code":"PHL"},"97":{"name":"Peru","code":"PER"},"98":{"name":"Paraguay","code":"PRY"},"99":{"name":"Papua New Guinea","code":"PNG"},"100":{"name":"Panama","code":"PAN"},"101":{"name":"Pakistan","code":"PAK"},"102":{"name":"Norway","code":"NOR"},"103":{"name":"Nigeria","code":"NGA"},"104":{"name":"Niger","code":"NER"},"105":{"name":"Nicaragua","code":"NIC"},"106":{"name":"New Zealand","code":"NZL"},"107":{"name":"Nepal","code":"NPL"},"108":{"name":"Namibia","code":"NAM"},"109":{"name":"Mozambique","code":"MOZ"},"110":{"name":"Morocco","code":"MAR"},"111":{"name":"Moldova","code":"MDA"},"112":{"name":"Mongolia","code":"MNG"},"113":{"name":"Mexico","code":"MEX"},"114":{"name":"Mauritania","code":"MRT"},"115":{"name":"Mali","code":"MLI"},"116":{"name":"Malaysia","code":"MYS"},"117":{"name":"Malawi","code":"MWI"},"118":{"name":"Madagascar","code":"MDG"},"119":{"name":"Lithuania","code":"LTU"},"120":{"name":"Libya","code":"LBY"},"121":{"name":"Liberia","code":"LBR"},"122":{"name":"Latvia","code":"LVA"},"123":{"name":"Lesotho","code":"LSO"},"124":{"name":"Lebanon","code":"LBN"},"125":{"name":"Laos","code":"LAO"},"126":{"name":"Kyrgyzstan","code":"KGZ"},"127":{"name":"South Korea","code":"KOR"},"128":{"name":"North Korea","code":"PRK"},"129":{"name":"Kenya","code":"KEN"},"130":{"name":"Jordan","code":"JOR"},"131":{"name":"Kazakhstan","code":"KAZ"},"132":{"name":"Jamaica","code":"JAM"},"133":{"name":"Israel","code":"ISR"},"134":{"name":"Iraq","code":"IRQ"},"135":{"name":"Iran","code":"IRN"},"136":{"name":"Indonesia","code":"IDN"},"137":{"name":"India","code":"IND"},"138":{"name":"Hungary","code":"HUN"},"139":{"name":"Honduras","code":"HND"},"140":{"name":"Palestine","code":"PSE"},"141":{"name":"Sri Lanka","code":"LKA"},"142":{"name":"Myanmar","code":"MMR"},"143":{"name":"Cote d'Ivoire","code":"CIV"},"144":{"name":"Hong Kong","code":"HKG"},"145":{"name":"Haiti","code":"HTI"},"146":{"name":"Guyana","code":"GUY"},"147":{"name":"Guinea","code":"GIN"},"148":{"name":"Guatemala","code":"GTM"},"149":{"name":"Greece","code":"GRC"},"150":{"name":"Ghana","code":"GHA"},"151":{"name":"Gambia","code":"GMB"},"152":{"name":"Georgia","code":"GEO"},"153":{"name":"Gabon","code":"GAB"},"154":{"name":"Djibouti","code":"DJI"},"155":{"name":"Finland","code":"FIN"},"156":{"name":"Estonia","code":"EST"},"157":{"name":"Eritrea","code":"ERI"},"158":{"name":"Ethiopia","code":"ETH"},"159":{"name":"Equatorial Guinea","code":"GNQ"},"160":{"name":"Dominican Republic","code":"DOM"},"161":{"name":"Denmark","code":"DNK"},"162":{"name":"Czech Republic","code":"CZE"},"163":{"name":"Cyprus","code":"CYP"},"164":{"name":"Cuba","code":"CUB"},"165":{"name":"Croatia","code":"HRV"},"166":{"name":"Costa Rica","code":"CRI"},"167":{"name":"Democratic Republic of Congo","code":"COD"},"168":{"name":"Congo","code":"COG"},"169":{"name":"Comoros","code":"COM"},"170":{"name":"Colombia","code":"COL"},"171":{"name":"China","code":"CHN"},"172":{"name":"Chile","code":"CHL"},"173":{"name":"Chad","code":"TCD"},"174":{"name":"Central African Republic","code":"CAF"},"194":{"name":"Bermuda","code":"BMU"},"195":{"name":"Solomon Islands","code":"SLB"},"196":{"name":"British Virgin Islands","code":"VGB"},"197":{"name":"Cayman Islands","code":"CYM"},"198":{"name":"Taiwan","code":"TWN"},"199":{"name":"Cook Islands","code":"COK"},"200":{"name":"Dominica","code":"DMA"},"201":{"name":"Ecuador","code":"ECU"},"202":{"name":"Fiji","code":"FJI"},"203":{"name":"French Polynesia","code":"PYF"},"204":{"name":"Kiribati","code":"KIR"},"206":{"name":"Grenada","code":"GRD"},"207":{"name":"Iceland","code":"ISL"},"208":{"name":"Kuwait","code":"KWT"},"210":{"name":"Luxembourg","code":"LUX"},"211":{"name":"Maldives","code":"MDV"},"212":{"name":"Malta","code":"MLT"},"213":{"name":"Mauritius","code":"MUS"},"215":{"name":"Montenegro","code":"MNE"},"216":{"name":"Montserrat","code":"MSR"},"217":{"name":"Oman","code":"OMN"},"220":{"name":"New Caledonia","code":"NCL"},"221":{"name":"Vanuatu","code":"VUT"},"222":{"name":"Micronesia (country)","code":"FSM"},"225":{"name":"Timor","code":"TLS"},"226":{"name":"Qatar","code":"QAT"},"227":{"name":"Saint Kitts and Nevis","code":"KNA"},"229":{"name":"Saint Lucia","code":"LCA"},"230":{"name":"Saint Vincent and the Grenadines","code":"VCT"},"232":{"name":"Sao Tome and Principe","code":"STP"},"233":{"name":"Seychelles","code":"SYC"},"234":{"name":"Suriname","code":"SUR"},"235":{"name":"Tonga","code":"TON"},"238":{"name":"Venezuela","code":"VEN"},"239":{"name":"Samoa","code":"WSM"},"245":{"name":"Reunion","code":"REU"},"246":{"name":"American Samoa","code":"ASM"},"248":{"name":"Western Sahara","code":"ESH"},"250":{"name":"Faeroe Islands","code":"FRO"},"252":{"name":"Guadeloupe","code":"GLP"},"253":{"name":"French Guiana","code":"GUF"},"254":{"name":"Guam","code":"GUM"},"255":{"name":"Wallis and Futuna","code":"WLF"},"258":{"name":"South Sudan","code":"SSD"},"259":{"name":"El Salvador","code":"SLV"},"261":{"name":"Niue","code":"NIU"},"267":{"name":"Czechoslovakia","code":"OWID_CZS"},"268":{"name":"Serbia and Montenegro","code":"OWID_SRM"},"270":{"name":"USSR","code":"OWID_USS"},"271":{"name":"Yugoslavia","code":"OWID_YGS"},"273":{"name":"Africa","code":null},"275":{"name":"Asia","code":null},"276":{"name":"Europe","code":null},"277":{"name":"Oceania","code":null},"284":{"name":"Martinique","code":"MTQ"},"287":{"name":"Tokelau","code":"TKL"},"290":{"name":"Americas","code":null},"295":{"name":"South America","code":null},"318":{"name":"European Union","code":null},"355":{"name":"World","code":"OWID_WRL"},"436":{"name":"Caribbean","code":null},"450":{"name":"Northern America","code":null},"454":{"name":"Least developed countries","code":null},"462":{"name":"Eastern Africa","code":null},"463":{"name":"Middle Africa","code":null},"464":{"name":"Northern Africa","code":null},"465":{"name":"Southern Africa","code":null},"466":{"name":"Western Africa","code":null},"467":{"name":"Eastern Asia","code":null},"469":{"name":"Central Asia","code":null},"470":{"name":"Southern Asia","code":null},"471":{"name":"South-Eastern Asia","code":null},"472":{"name":"Western Asia","code":null},"473":{"name":"Eastern Europe","code":null},"474":{"name":"Northern Europe","code":null},"475":{"name":"Southern Europe","code":null},"476":{"name":"Western Europe","code":null},"477":{"name":"Central America","code":null},"478":{"name":"Melanesia","code":"OWID_MNS"},"479":{"name":"Polynesia","code":"OWID_PYA"},"3897":{"name":"Timor-Leste","code":null},"5396":{"name":"Sudan (former)","code":null},"5398":{"name":"Small island developing States","code":null},"18581":{"name":"Cabo Verde","code":null},"34752":{"name":"Micronesia (region)","code":null},"34845":{"name":"China, mainland","code":null},"34978":{"name":"Belgium-Luxembourg","code":null},"34979":{"name":"China, Taiwan Province of","code":null},"34980":{"name":"Yugoslav SFR","code":null},"34981":{"name":"Australia & New Zealand","code":null},"34982":{"name":"Ethiopia PDR","code":null},"34984":{"name":"Pacific Islands Trust Territory","code":null},"34987":{"name":"Land Locked Developing Countries","code":null},"34988":{"name":"Low Income Food Deficit Countries","code":null},"34989":{"name":"Net Food Importing Developing Countries","code":null},"35355":{"name":"Micronesia","code":null}}